
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               4144.490052                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4144490051566000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10891613106347000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2569684                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2872406                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           733274923794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5041808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5652.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14523923045                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   16234915713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      1062976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       128192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       6039616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data     123307712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        10688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst        795584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       1856896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       731392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker       108352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       3900544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      66558848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1177472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       1641408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst        797824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data        713472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker         5312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker         5696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        521408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data        635200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        11200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1169728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       1705088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        10944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        728192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       1041984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker      2006592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        63360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       3854912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data      78107840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        11456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker         5696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst        807488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       1190272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker         8128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker         5312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst        495616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data        672576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        21952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        12928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       2065984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        10432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker         5696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        621952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data        725504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        21184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst        875776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data        828544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker       978176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       814720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      12955840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      10954112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        39744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1555136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       1889792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          337736000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      6039616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst       795584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      3900544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1177472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst       797824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       521408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1169728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       728192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      3854912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst       807488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst       495616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1346624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       621952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst       875776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     12955840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1555136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      37643712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    158364800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       158364800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        16609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          94369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1926683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          12431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          29014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker        11428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         1693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          60946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data        1039982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          18398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          25647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          12466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          11148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst           8147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data           9925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          18277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          26642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          11378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          16281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker        31353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          60233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data        1220435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          12617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          18598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst           7744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          10509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          21041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          32281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst           9718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          11336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker          331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          13684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          12946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        15284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        12730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         202435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         171158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          24299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          29528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             5277125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2474450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2474450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker          256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           31                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            29752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker          176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data            16060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker          484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data            18846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 81490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          282                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          325                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             9083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           38211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                38211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           38211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker          256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           31                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           29752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker          176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data           16060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker          484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data           18846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               119701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         676380776415507.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           676380776415507.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891613106347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         676380776415507.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           676380776415507.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891613106347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         676380776415507.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           676380776415507.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891613106347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         676380776415507.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           676380776415507.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891613106347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8293                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   33968128                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8293                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                 1017847                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong             1017847                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1017847                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1017847    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1017847                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1013534     99.59%     99.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2737      0.27%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         1476      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1017747                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1017847                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1017847                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1017747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1017747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2035594                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  510235884                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   994192                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 575789173                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   23655                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    971                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 8381                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     221                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              511230076                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             575812828                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                      1086025057                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                       1017847                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                  1087042904                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  358138                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              358138                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       358138                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        358138    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       358138                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       355324     99.23%     99.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2770      0.77%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       358094                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       358138                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       358138                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       358094                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       358094                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       716232                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                 9929387657                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   358138                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    818                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses             9929745795                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                      9929387657                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        358138                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                  9929745795                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             15273                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7637                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   541967984910.919739                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  3819835516131.074707                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2063     27.01%     27.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5340     69.92%     96.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.01%     96.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.01%     96.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            2      0.03%     96.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.01%     97.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.04%     97.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.01%     97.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.01%     97.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.01%     97.08% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          223      2.92%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          7637                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  5480550801306                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4139009500764694                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   21782922767114                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   7637                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                9929734987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                 10961095697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts            9846980312                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses          9981418249                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses             1655725                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                 466323234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts   1056532784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                 9981418249                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                    1655725                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads       14955834962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       7618873628                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads           2410607                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes          1471338                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads        32515892782                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes        7545303658                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                  1165091896                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 589092820                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                575999076                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             21754117675746.207031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             28805091367.792118                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.001322                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.998678                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                      1479640451                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               71736      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu              9673559879     88.25%     88.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult              120048583      1.10%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   78679      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                 240426      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                 514009      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                 286944      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                241768      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           972541      0.01%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              589092820      5.37%     94.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             575999076      5.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total              10961106461                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         481.920952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs        1087015759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         8290597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs          131.114292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   481.920952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.941252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2182325187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2182325187                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    503326801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     503326801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    574119901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    574119901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       195488                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       195488                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data        11375                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        11375                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       512834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       512834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       489544                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       489544                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data   1077458077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total     1077458077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data   1077653565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total    1077653565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      7128130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7128130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data      1078842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1078842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        39251                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        39251                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        71009                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        71009                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data        11470                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11470                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        31114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        31114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      8277981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      8277981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      8317232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      8317232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    510454931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    510454931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    575198743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    575198743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       234739                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       234739                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        82384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        82384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       524304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       524304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       520658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       520658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data   1085736058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1085736058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data   1085970797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1085970797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.001876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.167211                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.167211                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.861927                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.861927                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.021877                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021877                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.059759                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.059759                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1571924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1571924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              8224022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs        9929745751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         6331640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         1568.273899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses     19865823142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses    19865823142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst   9923414111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    9923414111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst   9923414111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total     9923414111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst   9923414111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total    9923414111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      6331640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6331640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      6331640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      6331640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      6331640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      6331640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst   9929745751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   9929745751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst   9929745751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total   9929745751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst   9929745751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total   9929745751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6331128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         6331128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              6331128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                    5688                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong                5688                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5688                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5688    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5688                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5449     98.55%     98.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           61      1.10%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5529                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         5688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5529                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5529                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        11217                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                    2109906                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                     5330                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                   1324902                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                     358                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    173                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                   82                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      89                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                2115236                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses               1325260                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                         3434808                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                          5688                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                     3440496                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                    5536                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong                5536                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5536                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5536    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5536                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5447     99.58%     99.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           23      0.42%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5470                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         5536                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5536                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         5470                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5470                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        11006                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                    9087927                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                     5536                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                     65                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                9093463                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                         9087927                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                          5536                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                     9093463                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               267                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          134                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   30928990282259.843750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  41007630439379.070312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           31     23.13%     23.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           53     39.55%     62.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.75%     63.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           49     36.57%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           134                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    5353743181                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144484697822819                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8288652657313                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    134                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   9092929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                    10707006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts               4844233                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             9953689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                9385                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                    424768                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts      1391929                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    9953689                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                       9385                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          13708260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          8034556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             10358                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             5655                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            2555109                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           2516889                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     3435263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   2110481                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                  1324782                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8288641950249.624023                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             10707063.376108                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                         1915548                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 238      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 7243074     67.65%     67.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  19999      0.19%     67.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                    5144      0.05%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    675      0.01%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   1449      0.01%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                    952      0.01%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                   678      0.01%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                2110481     19.71%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite               1324782     12.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                 10707474                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         346.276451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs           3438288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           90677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.917973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   346.276451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.676321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.676321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         6970453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses        6970453                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data      1979992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1979992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data      1265245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1265245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        25734                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        25734                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          530                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          530                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        37056                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        37056                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        34912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        34912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data      3245767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        3245767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data      3271501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       3271501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data        70382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        70382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data        15274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         1472                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1472                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data         5049                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5049                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          278                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          278                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         2364                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2364                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data        90705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        90705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data        92177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        92177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data      2050374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2050374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data      1280519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1280519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        27206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        27206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data         5579                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5579                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        37334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        37334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        37276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        37276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data      3336472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3336472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      3363678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3363678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.034326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011928                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011928                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.054106                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054106                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.905001                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.905001                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.007446                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007446                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.063419                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.063419                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.027186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.027404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        41887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           41887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                87833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.000036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs           9093397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs           66749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          136.232708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.000036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses        18253543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses       18253543                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst      9026648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       9026648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst      9026648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        9026648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst      9026648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       9026648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst        66749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        66749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst        66749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total        66749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst        66749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total        66749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      9093397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9093397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst      9093397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      9093397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst      9093397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      9093397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks        66237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total           66237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                66237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  218338                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              218338                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       218338                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        218338    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       218338                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1014882052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1014882052    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1014882052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       206047     98.43%     98.43% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2503      1.20%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          784      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       209334                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       218338                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       218338                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       209334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       209334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       427672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                  384845903                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   196446                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                 338855959                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                   21892                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    308                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1578                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     132                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses              385042349                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses             338877851                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       723701862                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        218338                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   723920200                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  192667                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              192667                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       192667                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        192667    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       192667                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1015188052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1015188052    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1015188052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       190976     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1513      0.79%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       192489                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       192667                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       192667                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       192489                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       192489                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       385156                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                 3799844659                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   192667                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    170                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses             3800037326                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                      3799844659                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        192667                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                  3800037326                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               513                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          257                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   15294033024223.353516                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  32382373690342.074219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          139     54.09%     54.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           66     25.68%     79.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.39%     80.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           51     19.84%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           257                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  213923564340598                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3930566487225402                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21782818767274                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    257                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                3800025952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                  4352849845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts            3754255586                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses          3881963835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              149604                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                 254439006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    487987699                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                 3881963835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     149604                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        5772998887                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes       2642916885                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            178882                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            58557                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads        12895044275                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes        2550201118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   759894586                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                 415702584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                344192002                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21771379774252.652344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             11438993021.348955                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000525                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999475                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       755713074                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                2756      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu              3574092871     82.11%     82.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult               17958679      0.41%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   29152      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     7      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     3      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                   9736      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  20390      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  11024      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                  9540      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           832286      0.02%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              415702584      9.55%     92.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             344191986      7.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total               4352861041                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         248.134116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         723893733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4366461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs          165.784999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958870188551500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   248.134116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.484637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.484637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1452171861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1452171861                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data    380395281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     380395281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data    336786180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    336786180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       134802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       134802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         3130                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3130                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data      1087969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1087969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data      1086476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1086476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data    717184591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total      717184591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data    717319393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total     717319393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      3393576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3393576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       398970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       398970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        18130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        18130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       571947                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       571947                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         9315                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9315                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      4364493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      4364493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      4382623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      4382623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data    383788857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    383788857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data    337185150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    337185150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       152932                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       152932                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       575077                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       575077                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1095869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1095869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1095791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1095791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data    721549084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total    721549084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data    721702016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total    721702016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.008842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.001183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.118549                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.118549                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.994557                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994557                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.007209                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007209                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.008501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.006073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1774483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1774483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              4345915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         485.841278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs        3800037148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5239106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          725.321677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958870188546500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   485.841278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.948909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      7605313402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     7605313402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst   3794798042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    3794798042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst   3794798042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total     3794798042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst   3794798042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total    3794798042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      5239106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5239106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      5239106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      5239106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      5239106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      5239106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst   3800037148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3800037148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst   3800037148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total   3800037148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst   3800037148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total   3800037148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.001379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.001379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.001379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5238594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         5238594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              5238594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                    2627                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong                2627                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2627                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2627    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2627                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1053793244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1053793244    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1053793244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2439     98.95%     98.95% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           21      0.85%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            5      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2465                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2627                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2627                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         2465                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2465                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5092                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    1782504                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                     2212                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   1338667                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                     415                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    631                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  203                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     135                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                1784716                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               1339082                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                         3121171                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                          2627                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                     3123798                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   10157                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               10157                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10157                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10157    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10157                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1101856244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1101856244    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1101856244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10032     99.43%     99.43% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           58      0.57%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10090                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10157                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10157                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10090                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10090                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20247                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                    8125762                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    10157                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    560                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                8135919                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                         8125762                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         10157                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                     8135919                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               573                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          287                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   14440715223035.621094                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  32849812252770.164062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          120     41.81%     41.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          102     35.54%     77.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.35%     77.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.35%     78.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           63     21.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 211749357381500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           287                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    4782554777                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144485269011223                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21782882761344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    287                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   8135171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     9564450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts               2471278                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             8825577                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               39652                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                    487119                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      1201953                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    8825577                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      39652                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          12212799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          7025210                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             53435                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            32125                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            2111178                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           2089767                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     3119028                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   1780123                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  1338905                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21782857624931.347656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             25136412.654412                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         1783245                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                1566      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 6398392     66.89%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  17039      0.18%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                    2667      0.03%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   4917      0.05%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  10203      0.11%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   6264      0.07%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  5055      0.05%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                1780123     18.61%     86.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               1338905     14.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                  9565131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         324.715476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs           3122659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          101247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           30.841990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   324.715476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.634210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.634210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         6346565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses        6346565                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      1647408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1647408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      1269822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1269822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        28032                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        28032                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data          712                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          712                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        35755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        35755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        33572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        33572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data      2917942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2917942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data      2945974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2945974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data        69817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        69817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        21446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        21446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         2665                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2665                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        10368                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10368                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          485                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          485                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         2577                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2577                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       101631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       101631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       104296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       104296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      1717225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1717225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      1291268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1291268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        30697                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        30697                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        11080                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        11080                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        36240                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        36240                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        36149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        36149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data      3019573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3019573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      3050270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3050270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.040657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.016608                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016608                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.086816                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.086816                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.935740                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.935740                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013383                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.071288                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071288                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.033657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.034192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           57505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                96195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         495.650628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs           8135852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          129926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           62.619122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   495.650628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.968068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        16401630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       16401630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst      8005926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       8005926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst      8005926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        8005926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst      8005926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       8005926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       129926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       129926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       129926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       129926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       129926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       129926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst      8135852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8135852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst      8135852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      8135852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst      8135852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      8135852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       129414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          129414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               129414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                    8865                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong                8865                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8865                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8865    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8865                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8625     98.22%     98.22% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          147      1.67%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            9      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8781                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8865                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8865                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17646                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    1300175                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                     8361                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   1058079                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                     504                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                     43                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  309                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      29                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                1308536                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               1058583                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         2358254                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                          8865                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     2367119                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   18351                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               18351                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18351                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18351    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18351                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        18171     99.23%     99.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          141      0.77%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18312                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        18351                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18351                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        18312                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18312                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        36663                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                    6178106                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    18351                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                6196457                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                         6178106                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         18351                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                     6196457                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions               669                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          335                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   12371601030901.447266                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  29358260454250.480469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           75     22.39%     22.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          202     60.30%     82.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.30%     82.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.30%     83.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           56     16.72%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           335                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3706214015                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144486345351985                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21782826767326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    335                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   6195630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     7411766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               1521363                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             6855538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses               88863                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                    437991                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       858924                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    6855538                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                      88863                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads           9729694                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          5450213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            128245                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            78178                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            1467507                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           1429665                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     2362837                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   1304595                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  1058242                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21782807288065.820312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             19479260.178851                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         1362978                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                3825      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 4958236     66.89%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  16574      0.22%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                    3361      0.05%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  12646      0.17%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  27009      0.36%     67.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  15300      0.21%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 12766      0.17%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                1304595     17.60%     85.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               1058242     14.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  7412554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         375.336630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           2365383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           81433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.046983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   375.336630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.733079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.733079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4813991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4813991                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      1201087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      1010269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1010269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        18359                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        18359                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data          812                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          812                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        25234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        25234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        23283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        23283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      2212168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2212168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      2230527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2230527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data        60388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        60388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        14986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         2394                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2394                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data         5694                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5694                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data          538                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          538                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         2339                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2339                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data        81068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        81068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data        83462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        83462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1261475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1261475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1025255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1025255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        20753                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        20753                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data         6506                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6506                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        25772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        25772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        25622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        25622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      2293236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2293236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      2313989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2313989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.047871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.115357                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.115357                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.875192                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.875192                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.020875                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020875                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.091289                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.091289                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.035351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        34929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           34929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                76854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.459503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs           6196418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          180697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           34.291759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.459503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        12573533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       12573533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst      6015721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       6015721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst      6015721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        6015721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst      6015721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       6015721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       180697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       180697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       180697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       180697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       180697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       180697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      6196418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6196418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst      6196418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      6196418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      6196418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      6196418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       180185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          180185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               180185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    1163                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                1163                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1163                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1163    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1163                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -157922336                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -157922336    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -157922336                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          974     98.78%     98.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      1.12%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          986                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2149                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                     859913                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                      935                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    603632                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     228                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                     84                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   27                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      55                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                 860848                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                603860                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         1463545                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          1163                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     1464708                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    3730                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                3730                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3730                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3730    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3730                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -157927336                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -157927336    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -157927336                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3641     99.73%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3651                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3651                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3651                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                    3805875                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     3730                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                3809605                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                         3805875                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          3730                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                     3809605                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               319                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          160                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   24579555695595.757812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  38583486991644.703125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           41     25.62%     25.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           71     44.38%     70.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.62%     70.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           47     29.38%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           160                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  211761140270679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3932728911295321                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21782890767274                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    160                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   3809126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     4492269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts                714574                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             4169030                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                4642                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    229571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       556108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    4169030                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                       4642                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           5793561                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          3363236                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads              4697                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             2947                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads             975435                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes            963231                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1461722                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    857915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   603807                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21782878960804.921875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             11806469.077722                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          822722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 104      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 3014528     67.10%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  13471      0.30%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                    1134      0.03%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    346      0.01%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                    635      0.01%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                    416      0.01%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   313      0.01%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 857915     19.10%     86.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                603807     13.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  4492669                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         336.524390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           1464137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           51333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.522335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958881948716000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   336.524390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.657274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.657274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2979607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2979607                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data       776366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        776366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data       563781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       563781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        21356                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        21356                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          424                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          424                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        24444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        24444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        22466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        22466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      1340571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1340571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      1361927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1361927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        37146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        37146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data         9809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         1002                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         5077                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5077                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         2074                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2074                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data        52032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        52032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data        53034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        53034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data       813512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       813512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data       573590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       573590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        22358                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        22358                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data         5501                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5501                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        24636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        24636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        24540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        24540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      1392603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1392603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1414961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1414961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.045661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.017101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.044816                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.044816                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.922923                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.922923                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.007793                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007793                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.084515                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084515                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.037363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.037481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        26087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           26087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                48643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         485.839830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs           3809526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           45749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           83.270148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958881948711000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   485.839830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.948906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses         7664801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses        7664801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst      3763777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3763777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst      3763777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        3763777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst      3763777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       3763777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        45749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        45749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        45749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        45749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        45749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      3809526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3809526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst      3809526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      3809526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      3809526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      3809526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.012009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.012009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.012009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           45237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                45237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                    3714                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                3714                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3714                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3714    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3714                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -154057744                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -154057744    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -154057744                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3405     98.04%     98.04% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           60      1.73%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            8      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3473                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         3714                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3714                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         3473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    2470281                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     3093                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   2252185                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     621                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    524                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   93                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     178                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                2473374                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               2252806                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         4722466                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                          3714                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     4726180                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   11152                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               11152                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11152                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11152    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11152                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -203902244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -203902244    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -203902244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11017     99.44%     99.44% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           62      0.56%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11079                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11152                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11152                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11079                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11079                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   12320302                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    11152                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    320                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               12331454                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        12320302                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         11152                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    12331454                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               379                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          190                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   21813067315711.480469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  283428809782973.687500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           99     52.11%     52.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           87     45.79%     97.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.53%     98.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.58%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3902227994491000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           190                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7261580819                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144482789985181                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21782834760210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    190                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  12330186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    14521949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               7792762                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            13308639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               80567                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    562906                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      1856511                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   13308639                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      80567                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          17958737                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         10376473                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            108271                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            61572                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            3454620                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           3407466                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     4719458                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   2467205                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  2252253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21782796594453.710938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             38165756.288900                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         2645813                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                3096      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 9723828     66.95%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  21377      0.15%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    3349      0.02%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   9511      0.07%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                  19613      0.14%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                  12384      0.09%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                 10528      0.07%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                2467205     16.99%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               2252253     15.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 14523144                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         306.425339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           4725132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          101448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.576887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   306.425339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.598487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.598487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         9551840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses        9551840                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      2343527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2343527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      2182559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2182559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        27018                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        27018                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1764                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        33123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        31108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        31108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      4527850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4527850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      4554868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4554868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data        66897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        66897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        21625                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        21625                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         2094                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2094                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        12767                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12767                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          381                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          381                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         2269                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2269                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       101289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       101289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       103383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       103383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      2410424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2410424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      2204184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2204184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        29112                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        29112                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        14531                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14531                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        33504                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33504                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        33377                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33377                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      4629139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4629139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      4658251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4658251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.027753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.009811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.071929                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.071929                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.878604                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.878604                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.067981                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067981                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.021881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.022194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        61270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           61270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                99215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         495.650558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          12331381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          130668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           94.371851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   495.650558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.968067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        24793430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       24793430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     12200713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12200713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     12200713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12200713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     12200713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12200713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       130668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       130668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       130668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       130668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       130668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       130668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     12331381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12331381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     12331381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12331381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     12331381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12331381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.010596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.010596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.010596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       130156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          130156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               130156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    2728                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                2728                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2728                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2728    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2728                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    772295256                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     772295256    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    772295256                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1987     98.90%     98.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           20      1.00%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2009                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2728                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2728                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         2009                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2009                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4737                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    1605725                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     2437                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   1033092                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     291                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    231                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   42                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      91                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                1608162                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               1033383                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         2638817                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          2728                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     2641545                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                    6466                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong                6466                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         6466                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          6466    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         6466                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         6364     99.81%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           12      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         6376                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         6466                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         6466                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         6376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         6376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        12842                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                    7422885                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                     6466                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    126                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                7429351                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                         7422885                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                          6466                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                     7429351                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               307                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          154                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   26912245287706.449219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  34094059401467.074219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           34     22.08%     22.08% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           49     31.82%     53.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.65%     54.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           70     45.45%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           154                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    4277259207                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144485774306793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   21782850761605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    154                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   7428124                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     8553329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               2423125                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             7757854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                7177                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    396346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      1420835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    7757854                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                       7177                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          10689508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          6150264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads              7398                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             3949                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2363337                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2357613                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     2636592                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   1603322                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  1033270                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             21782828280990.984375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             22480614.016933                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         1879438                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 157      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 5899621     68.97%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  13802      0.16%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    1903      0.02%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    432      0.01%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                    868      0.01%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    628      0.01%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   463      0.01%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                1603322     18.74%     87.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               1033270     12.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  8554466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         392.319460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           2640352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           77941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.876291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   392.319460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.766249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.766249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         5358645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses        5358645                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      1487259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1487259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data       976113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       976113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        28453                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        28453                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          476                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          476                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        32937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        32937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        30904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      2463848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2463848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      2492301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2492301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        56425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        56425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        17218                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17218                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         1457                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1457                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         5683                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5683                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          723                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          723                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         2704                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2704                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data        79326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        79326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data        80783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        80783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      1543684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1543684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data       993331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       993331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        29910                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        29910                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         6159                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6159                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        33660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        33608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      2543174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2543174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      2573084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2573084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.036552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.017334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.048713                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.048713                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.922715                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.922715                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.021480                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021480                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.080457                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.080457                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.031192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.031395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        41817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           41817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                74156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         506.490329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs           7429261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs           80450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           92.346314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   506.490329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.989239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        14938972                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       14938972                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst      7348811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       7348811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst      7348811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        7348811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst      7348811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       7348811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst        80450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        80450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst        80450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total        80450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst        80450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total        80450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst      7429261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7429261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst      7429261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      7429261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst      7429261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      7429261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks        79938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total           79938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                79938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                 1132624                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong             1132624                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1132624                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1132624    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1132624                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2042705256                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2042705256    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2042705256                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1128753     99.96%     99.96% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          180      0.02%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          298      0.03%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1129231                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1132624                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1132624                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1129231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1129231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2261855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   99475901                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                  1023199                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  44061866                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                  109425                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    382                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  860                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     138                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses              100499100                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              44171291                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                       143537767                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                       1132624                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                   144670391                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   38581                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               38581                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38581                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38581    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38581                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1998824756                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1998824756    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1998824756                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        38335     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          117      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        38452                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        38581                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38581                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        38452                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        38452                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        77033                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  429521149                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    38581                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              429559730                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       429521149                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         38581                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   429559730                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              1634                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          817                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5072517990181.671875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  137085246504514.578125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          751     91.92%     91.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           63      7.71%     99.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.37%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3912846759452500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           817                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  242853587574                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144247197978426                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783226213512                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    817                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 429555113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   485702598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             390631641                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           449300183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              419019                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  17460443                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     49151331                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  449300183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                     419019                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads         625677612                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        390701409                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            553256                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes           366532                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads          143440893                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         140856659                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                   144581815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                 100413394                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 44168421                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21781949787618.523438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             1276425893.477058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000059                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999941                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                        71749492                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               14258      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               337016205     69.39%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                3767471      0.78%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    9059      0.00%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                    83      0.00%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                 45994      0.01%     70.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                 5114      0.00%     70.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc              5108      0.00%     70.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                 10223      0.00%     70.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                10232      0.00%     70.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                  42694      0.01%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                 105729      0.02%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  57032      0.01%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                 36069      0.01%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              100413394     20.67%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              44168421      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                485707086                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         394.169359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs         144656437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2721869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           53.145995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   394.169359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.769862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.769862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       292043185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      292043185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     97826944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      97826944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     43302165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43302165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data       195941                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       195941                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data        58154                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        58154                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data       269847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       269847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data       268693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       268693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data    141187263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total      141187263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data    141383204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total     141383204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data      2182862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2182862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       356436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       356436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        15922                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        15922                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data       170414                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       170414                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         3996                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3996                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         5060                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5060                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      2709712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      2709712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      2725634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      2725634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data    100009806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    100009806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     43658601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43658601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data       211863                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       211863                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data       228568                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       228568                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       273843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       273843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data       273753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       273753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data    143896975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total    143896975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data    144108838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total    144108838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.008164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.075152                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.075152                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.745572                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.745572                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018484                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018484                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       727710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          727710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              2714674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         495.650389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         429559601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          691723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          620.999448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   495.650389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.968067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses       859810925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses      859810925                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    428867878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     428867878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    428867878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      428867878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    428867878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     428867878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       691723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       691723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       691723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       691723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       691723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       691723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    429559601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    429559601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    429559601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    429559601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    429559601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    429559601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       691211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          691211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               691211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    2914                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                2914                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2914                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2914    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2914                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1951689336                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1951689336    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1951689336                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2116     98.92%     98.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           22      1.03%     99.95% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.05%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2139                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         2139                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2139                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5053                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    1559379                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     2580                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                    981218                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     334                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    248                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                   47                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     105                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                1561959                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                981552                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         2540597                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          2914                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     2543511                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                    5473                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong                5473                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5473                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5473    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5473                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1995457836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1995457836    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1995457836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5338     99.65%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           19      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5357                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         5473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         5357                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5357                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        10830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                    7147181                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                     5473                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    125                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                7152654                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                         7147181                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                          5473                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                     7152654                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               369                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          185                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   22402626723985.722656                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  39381091382466.140625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           58     31.35%     31.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           78     42.16%     73.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.54%     74.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           48     25.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 211757053714500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           185                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    4107628641                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144485943937359                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21782946775786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    185                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   7151349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     8214012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               2315711                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             7464140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               14092                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    350377                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      1365542                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    7464140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      14092                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          10241615                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          5916767                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             18117                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            11283                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            2241720                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           2229174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     2538229                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   1556775                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   981454                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21782925186630.972656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             21589155.027244                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         1774280                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 539      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 5652862     68.81%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  13431      0.16%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    1366      0.02%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   1631      0.02%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   3324      0.04%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   2156      0.03%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  1663      0.02%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                1556775     18.95%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                981454     11.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  8215201                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         405.060590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           2542256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           72129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.245962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   405.060590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.791134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.791134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         5156641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses        5156641                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      1437885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1437885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data       922555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       922555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        33314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        33314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data          478                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          478                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        36481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        36481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        33218                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        33218                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      2360918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2360918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      2394232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2394232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data        51617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        51617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        15083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         1456                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1456                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data         6487                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         6487                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         3423                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3423                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data        73187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        73187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data        74643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        74643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1489502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1489502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data       937638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       937638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        34770                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        34770                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data         6965                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6965                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        36740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        36740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        36641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        36641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      2434105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2434105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      2468875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2468875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.034654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.016086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.041875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.041875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.931371                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.931371                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.007050                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007050                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.093420                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.093420                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.030067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.030234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        39767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           39767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                69056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         495.650032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs           7152538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs           64894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          110.218788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   495.650032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.968066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        14369970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       14369970                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst      7087644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       7087644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst      7087644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        7087644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst      7087644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       7087644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst        64894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        64894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst        64894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total        64894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst        64894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total        64894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst      7152538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7152538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst      7152538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      7152538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst      7152538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      7152538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.009073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.009073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.009073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks        64382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total           64382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                64382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                    2040                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                2040                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2040                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2040    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2040                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1989827936                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1989827936    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1989827936                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1396     98.87%     98.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      1.06%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1412                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2040                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2040                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1412                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1412                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3452                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                     976907                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                     1866                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                    546643                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     174                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    119                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                   59                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                      39                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                 978773                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                546817                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         1523550                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                          2040                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     1525590                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                    3194                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong                3194                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3194                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3194    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3194                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1989521936                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1989521936    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1989521936                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3137     99.78%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            7      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3144                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6338                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                    4574784                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                     3194                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                4577978                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                         4574784                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                          3194                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                     4577978                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               185                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           93                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2778851462.913979                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  16958688863.674314                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           43     46.24%     46.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           49     52.69%     98.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      1.08%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 163726338000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            93                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144231618379949                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 258433186051                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21782898760111                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                     93                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   4577089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     5142754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts               2050839                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             4593884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               12362                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    182546                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      1013537                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    4593884                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      12362                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           6275065                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          3599524                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             16628                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            10414                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            1639509                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           1633410                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     1522706                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    975939                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   546767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21782885243055.636719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             13517055.364859                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         1230002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 517      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 3602903     70.05%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                   8243      0.16%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                     809      0.02%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   1559      0.03%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   3192      0.06%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   2068      0.04%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  1596      0.03%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 975939     18.97%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                546767     10.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  5143593                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           0.028073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           1524820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           37527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.632611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891352101364000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     0.028073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3087167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3087167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data       915330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        915330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data       517405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       517405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        16211                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        16211                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data          344                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          344                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        18305                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18305                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        16986                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16986                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      1433079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1433079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      1449290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1449290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data        27372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data         7038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         3513                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3513                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         1413                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1413                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data        37923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        37923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data        38655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        38655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data       942702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       942702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data       524443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       524443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        16943                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16943                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3857                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3857                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        18476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        18399                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18399                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      1471002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1471002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      1487945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1487945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.029036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.043204                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.043204                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.910812                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.910812                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.009255                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009255                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.076798                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076798                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.025780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.025979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           20800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                36365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse           0.032235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs           4577928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs           38466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          119.012323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891352101359000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     0.032235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses         9194322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses        9194322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst      4539462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4539462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst      4539462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        4539462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst      4539462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       4539462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst        38466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst        38466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total        38466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst        38466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total        38466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst      4577928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4577928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst      4577928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      4577928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst      4577928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      4577928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.008402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.008402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.008402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks        37954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total           37954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                37954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                    8571                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong                8571                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8571                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8571    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8571                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1657324836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1657324836    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1657324836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8217     98.24%     98.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           77      0.92%     99.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           70      0.84%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8364                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8364                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8364                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16935                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    3132571                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                     8016                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   2136024                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     555                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    309                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  236                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     114                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                3140587                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               2136579                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         5268595                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                          8571                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     5277166                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   12207                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               12207                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12207                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12207    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12207                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1657954836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1657954836    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1657954836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12045     99.33%     99.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           81      0.67%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12126                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12207                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12207                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12126                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12126                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24333                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   14081454                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    12207                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               14093661                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        14081454                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         12207                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    14093661                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               693                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          347                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   11333499917965.019531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  210052274238738                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          233     67.15%     67.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          111     31.99%     99.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.29%     99.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      0.58%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3912849078926000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           347                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  211765580032138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3932724471533862                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21782866760339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    347                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  14092981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    16471373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts               5692103                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            15242095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               18022                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    703788                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      2162404                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   15242095                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      18022                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          21634023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         12237922                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             21099                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             9857                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            3944289                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           3889122                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     5270190                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   3134168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  2136022                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21782823473181.734375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             43287157.263284                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         3010038                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 456      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                11159510     67.75%     67.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  28458      0.17%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                    5980      0.04%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   1344      0.01%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   2843      0.02%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   1824      0.01%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  1365      0.01%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                3134168     19.03%     87.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               2136022     12.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 16471972                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         402.182381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           5229398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          143235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.509219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958880398841000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   402.182381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.785512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.785512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10693421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10693421                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      2928838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2928838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      1997375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1997375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        41585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        41585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1111                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1111                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        57130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        55239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        55239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      4927324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4927324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      4968909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4968909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       107749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       107749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        25676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         3711                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3711                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data         7819                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7819                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         2456                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2456                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       141244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       141244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       144955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       144955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      3036587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3036587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      2023051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2023051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        45296                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45296                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data         8930                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         8930                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        57774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        57695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        57695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      5068568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5068568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      5113864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5113864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.035484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.081928                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081928                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.875588                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.875588                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.011147                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011147                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.042569                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042569                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.027867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.028345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        76193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           76193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               140149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         485.840016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          14093580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          184471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           76.399976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958880398836000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   485.840016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.948906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        28371631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       28371631                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     13909109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13909109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     13909109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13909109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     13909109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13909109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       184471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       184471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       184471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       184471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       184471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       184471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     14093580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14093580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     14093580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     14093580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     14093580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     14093580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.013089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.013089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.013089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       183959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          183959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               183959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                    2389                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                2389                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2389                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2389    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2389                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1084508836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1084508836    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1084508836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1744     98.87%     98.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.74%     99.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1764                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2389                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2389                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1764                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1764                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4153                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    1075889                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                     2224                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                    640510                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     165                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                     50                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   49                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      34                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                1078113                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                640675                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         1716399                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                          2389                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     1718788                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                    3910                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong                3910                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3910                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3910    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3910                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1133055836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1133055836    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1133055836                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3844     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3859                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3910                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3910                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3859                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3859                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7769                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                    5079312                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                     3910                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                5083222                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                         5079312                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                          3910                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                     5083222                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               367                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          184                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   21373528520602.199219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  36910168228170.460938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           65     35.33%     35.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           71     38.59%     73.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.54%     74.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           47     25.54%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           184                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  211760803775195                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3932729247790805                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21782890759632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    184                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   5082360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     5769284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts               1759234                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             5188835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                4640                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    239571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      1065654                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    5188835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                       4640                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads           7214366                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          4090761                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads              4996                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             2656                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            1734015                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           1725855                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1715994                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   1075385                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   640609                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21782875596269.148438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             15163362.852478                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         1340192                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 106      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 4041844     70.05%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                   9438      0.16%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    1001      0.02%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    326      0.01%     70.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                    650      0.01%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                    424      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   312      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                1075385     18.64%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                640609     11.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  5770095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         386.417564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           1713835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           43796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.132227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958880973526000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   386.417564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.754722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.754722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3479018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3479018                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      1004638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1004638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data       604023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       604023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        18242                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        18242                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          408                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          408                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        20411                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20411                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        19318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      1609069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1609069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      1627311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1627311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data        32668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data         8173                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8173                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         1043                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1043                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data         3478                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3478                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         1211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data        44319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        44319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data        45362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        45362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      1037306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1037306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data       612196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        19285                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        19285                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3886                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3886                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        20633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        20529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      1653388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1653388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      1672673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1672673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.031493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.013350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.054083                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054083                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.895008                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.895008                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.010759                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010759                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.058990                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.058990                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           22878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                41466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         485.839946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs           5083171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs           51703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           98.314817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6958880973521000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   485.839946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.948906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        10218045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       10218045                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst      5031468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5031468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst      5031468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        5031468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst      5031468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       5031468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst        51703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        51703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst        51703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total        51703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst        51703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total        51703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst      5083171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5083171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst      5083171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      5083171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst      5083171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      5083171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.010171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.010171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.010171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks        51191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total           51191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                51191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   10910                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               10910                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10910                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10910    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10910                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10690     98.19%     98.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          184      1.69%     99.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           13      0.12%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10887                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        10910                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10910                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        10887                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10887                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21797                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    1543687                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    10337                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   1275537                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                     573                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    145                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                  354                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      46                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                1554024                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               1276110                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                         2819224                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         10910                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                     2830134                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   20597                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               20597                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20597                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20597    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20597                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20391     99.06%     99.06% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          193      0.94%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20584                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        20597                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20597                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        20584                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20584                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        41181                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                    7540139                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    20597                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    110                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                7560736                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                         7540139                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         20597                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                     7560736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions               529                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          265                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   15639568078543.527344                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  32057503858531.265625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           56     21.13%     21.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          150     56.60%     77.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.38%     78.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           58     21.89%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           265                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    4510751965                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144485540814035                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   21782656311716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                    265                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   7559897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     9020794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts               3060937                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             8294529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              148365                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                    525063                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      1049962                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    8294529                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     148365                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          11594042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          6572618                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            217439                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           133724                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            1830364                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           1770468                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     2825162                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   1549635                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  1275527                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             21782632604108.859375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             23707607.139099                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         1686750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                6555      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 6055293     67.12%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  14377      0.16%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                    3873      0.04%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  21850      0.24%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  46772      0.52%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  26220      0.29%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 21518      0.24%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                1549635     17.18%     85.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               1275527     14.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                  9021620                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         332.216384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs           2829451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           91197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.025703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   332.216384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.648860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.648860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         5750099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses        5750099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      1441298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1441298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      1223589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1223589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        14722                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        14722                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data          751                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          751                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        27311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        27311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        25723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        25723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data      2665638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2665638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data      2680360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2680360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data        66797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        66797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data        18147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         2787                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2787                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data         5432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data          684                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          684                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data         2210                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2210                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data        90376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        90376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data        93163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        93163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1508095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1508095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1241736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1241736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        17509                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        17509                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data         6183                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6183                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        27995                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27995                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        27933                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27933                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data      2756014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2756014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      2773523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2773523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.044292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.159175                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.159175                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.878538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.878538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.024433                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024433                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.079118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.079118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.032792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.033590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           40403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                87019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         503.990428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs           7560723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          202490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           37.338748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   503.990428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.984356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        15323936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       15323936                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst      7358233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       7358233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst      7358233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        7358233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst      7358233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       7358233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       202490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       202490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       202490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       202490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       202490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       202490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      7560723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7560723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst      7560723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      7560723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      7560723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      7560723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.026782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.026782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.026782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       201978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          201978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               201978                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  158077                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              158077                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       158077                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        158077    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       158077                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       157803     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          274      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       158077                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       158077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       158077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       158077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       158077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       316154                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   56200619                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   138648                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  49944424                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   19429                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6518                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               56339267                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              49963853                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       106145043                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        158077                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   106303120                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  976279                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              976279                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       976279                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        976279    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       976279                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       973539     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2740      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       976279                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       976279                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       976279                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       976279                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       976279                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1952558                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  258690266                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   976279                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              259666545                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       258690266                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        976279                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   259666545                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             41173                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        20587                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   201308305733.476074                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2454104648921.567871                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        19497     94.71%     94.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          949      4.61%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.00%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.00%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          139      0.68%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         20587                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  155961430928                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144334090135072                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   21782690834458                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  20587                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 259597383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   311854187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              31537559                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           292690574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              611425                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  22387063                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     36915640                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  292690574                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     611425                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         416250196                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        225433991                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            647319                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           362502                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           54505107                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          54295974                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   106118623                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  56192186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 49926437                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             21781871129410.597656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             819705047.402330                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000038                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999962                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        61432167                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               13974      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               205261113     65.80%     65.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 256324      0.08%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   42196      0.01%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  41785      0.01%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                  87543      0.03%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  55896      0.02%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 45895      0.01%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               56192186     18.01%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              49926437     16.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                311923349                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         491.754422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         106298166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2709711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.228599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   491.754422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.960458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       215306043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      215306043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     52292245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      52292245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     48093522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     48093522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       784388                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       784388                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        35017                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        35017                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1156303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1156303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1176863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1176863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    100420784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      100420784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    101205172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     101205172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      1917348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1917348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       495230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       495230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       145004                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       145004                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       139761                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       139761                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        41610                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        41610                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        20875                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20875                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      2552339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      2552339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      2697343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      2697343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     54209593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54209593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     48588752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48588752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       929392                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       929392                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       174778                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       174778                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1197913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1197913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1197738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1197738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    102973123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    102973123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    103902515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    103902515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.156020                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.156020                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.799649                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.799649                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.034735                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034735                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.017429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.017429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1412407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         1412407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              2668594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.736579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         259666545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         9719396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.716325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.736579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       529052486                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      529052486                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    249947149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     249947149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    249947149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      249947149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    249947149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     249947149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      9719396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9719396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      9719396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      9719396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      9719396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      9719396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    259666545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    259666545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    259666545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    259666545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    259666545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    259666545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      9718884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         9718884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              9718884                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   33362                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               33362                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        33362                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         33362    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        33362                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32651     98.23%     98.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          555      1.67%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           34      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        33240                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        33362                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        33362                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        33240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        33240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        66602                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    4038521                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    31617                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   3440819                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    1745                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    273                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1131                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     149                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                4070138                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               3442564                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                         7479340                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         33362                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                     7512702                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   67997                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               67997                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        67997                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         67997    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        67997                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        67439     99.25%     99.25% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          513      0.75%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        67952                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        67997                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        67997                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        67952                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        67952                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       135949                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   19489633                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    67997                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    39                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               19557630                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        19489633                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         67997                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    19557630                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              1623                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5104037288369.533203                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  17467546238695.248047                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          166     20.44%     20.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          557     68.60%     89.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.12%     89.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.12%     89.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           87     10.71%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   11773409939                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144478278156061                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21782690777495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    812                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  19554768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    23544400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               4575045                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            21847585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              320832                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   1507165                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      2634061                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   21847585                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     320832                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          30993212                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         17284115                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            461401                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           280667                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            4363320                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           4246806                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                     7499261                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   4057987                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  3441274                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21782628898632.441406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             61878862.557316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         4353958                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass               13610      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                15733983     66.82%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  44716      0.19%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   13150      0.06%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  45609      0.19%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  96959      0.41%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  54440      0.23%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 45489      0.19%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                4057987     17.23%     85.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               3441274     14.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 23547217                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         429.529021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs           7510553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          267848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.040355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   429.529021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.838924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.838924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15288954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15288954                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      3735802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3735802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      3295195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3295195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        48863                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        48863                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         2788                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2788                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        74834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        74834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        68537                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        68537                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      7033785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        7033785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data      7082648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       7082648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       197736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       197736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        53413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        53413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         9570                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9570                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        13732                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13732                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       264881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       264881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       274451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       274451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      3933538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3933538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      3348608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3348608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        58433                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        58433                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        16520                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16520                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        76803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        76803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        76651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        76651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data      7298666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7298666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      7357099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7357099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.050269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.015951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.163777                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.163777                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.831235                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.831235                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.025637                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025637                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.105856                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105856                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.037304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       121023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          121023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               256435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.479798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          19557585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          663911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           29.458143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   508.479798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.993125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        39779081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       39779081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     18893674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      18893674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     18893674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       18893674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     18893674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      18893674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       663911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       663911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       663911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       663911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       663911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       663911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     19557585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19557585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     19557585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     19557585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     19557585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     19557585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.033946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.033946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.033946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       663399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          663399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               663399                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                10865                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               10865                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              539432                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             539432                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         7108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        22360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         5192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1065934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1065934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1100594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         7108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        12470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         3894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        23472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34036024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34036024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34059496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.182540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 532967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               532967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6958870351965001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.182540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.948909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.948909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4796703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4796703                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           2215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             2215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       530752                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       530752                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          532967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            532967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         532967                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           532967                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         2215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           2215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       530752                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       530752                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        532967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          532967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       532967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         532967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          530720                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               530720                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    532951                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               15126.759371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                  33120702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 2298885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                   14.407290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    668.799748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker   121.630288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker   119.955549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   4037.801753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data  10178.572033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.040820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.246448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.621251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.923264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996643                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                68609327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               68609327                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      3029823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker      1069234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total               4099057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1571924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1571924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6171955                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        6171955                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         478727                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              478727                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      6237271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          6237271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      5675860                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5675860                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        61088                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total           61088                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      3029823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker      1069234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           6237271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data           6154587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total               16490915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      3029823                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker      1069234                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          6237271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data          6154587                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total              16490915                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        17225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        38079                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            38079                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        31017                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          31017                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       562016                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            562016                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        94369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          94369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      1502991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       1502991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data         9921                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9921                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        17225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           94369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         2065007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              2178625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        17225                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2024                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          94369                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        2065007                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             2178625                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      3047048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker      1071258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total           4118306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1571924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1571924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6171955                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6171955                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        38099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          38099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        31114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        31114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1040743                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1040743                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      6331640                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      6331640                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      7178851                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7178851                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        71009                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        71009                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      3047048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker      1071258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       6331640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       8219594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total           18669540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      3047048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker      1071258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      6331640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      8219594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total          18669540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.005653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.004674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.999475                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999475                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.996882                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996882                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.540014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.540014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.014904                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014904                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.209364                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.209364                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.139715                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.139715                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.005653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.014904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.251230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.116694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.005653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.014904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.251230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.116694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             586544                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  586544                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      2115484                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse                2806.492902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                    340172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                   54523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                    6.239055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      9.154673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    39.051791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    50.001338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   1928.321200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    779.963900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.002384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.117695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.047605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.171295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007385                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.829163                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                  744205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                 744205                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        13979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        14849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 28828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        41887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total          41887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        66234                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total          66234                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data            46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data           7493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                7493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst        54226                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            54226                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data        42612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data          665                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total             665                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        13979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        14849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst             54226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data             50105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                 133159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        13979                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        14849                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst            54226                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data            50105                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                133159                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         1731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         2297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         6004                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total              6004                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        12523                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          12523                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        29520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         29520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data         4384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           12523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data           35524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                48434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          205                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          12523                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data          35524                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               48434                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        14184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        15031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             29215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        41887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        66234                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total        66234                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1777                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1777                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data        13497                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total           13497                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst        66749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        66749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        72132                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        72132                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data         5049                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5049                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        14184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        15031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         66749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         85629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total             181593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        14184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        15031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst        66749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        85629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total            181593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.974114                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.974114                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.971658                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971658                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.444840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.444840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.187613                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.187613                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.409250                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.409250                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.868291                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.868291                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.187613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.414859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.266717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.187613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.414859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.266717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               8461                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    8461                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                        33817                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               14517.129275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                  19761035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                 1746338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                   11.315699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            6958870188546500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  10379.637759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    36.372916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    35.738577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   1274.355328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   2791.024694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.633523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.077780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.170351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.886055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007019                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.736084                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                42412646                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses               42412646                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       584273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       571585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total               1155858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1774483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1774483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5192945                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total        5192945                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          4279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total               4279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data         343103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total              343103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      5177770                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          5177770                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      2380061                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2380061                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         6707                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total            6707                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       584273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       571585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst           5177770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data           2723164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                9056792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       584273                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       571585                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst          5177770                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data          2723164                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total               9056792                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               13303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        19745                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total            19745                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         9150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           9150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        31843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             31843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        61302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          61302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data      1039545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       1039545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data       565240                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total        565240                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           61302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data         1071388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total              1145993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11552                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1751                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          61302                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data        1071388                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total             1145993                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       595825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       573336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total           1169161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1774483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1774483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5192945                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5192945                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        24024                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          24024                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         9315                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9315                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       374946                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total          374946                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      5239072                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      5239072                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      3419606                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3419606                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       571947                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       571947                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       595825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       573336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst       5239072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data       3794552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total           10202785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       595825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       573336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst      5239072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      3794552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total          10202785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.019388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.821886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.821886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.982287                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982287                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.084927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.084927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.011701                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.303996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.988273                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.988273                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.019388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.282349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.112322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.019388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.282349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.112322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks             723820                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                  723820                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                      1693186                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               13589.464352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                    488389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                   65458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                    7.461105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1588.355379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    62.237949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    72.108951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   5413.768921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   6452.993152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.096946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.003799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.330430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.393859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.829435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006470                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.774475                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 1060920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                1060920                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         5775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        28695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 34470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        57505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total          57505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       129411                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         129411                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data            42                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 42                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           8795                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                8795                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       111528                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           111528                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data        46517                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           46517                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         1339                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1339                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         5775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        28695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            111528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data             55312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                 201310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         5775                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        28695                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           111528                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data            55312                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                201310                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         3485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         2500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         9124                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total              9124                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        18398                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          18398                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        26450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         26450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data         9029                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9029                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           18398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data           35574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                54350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          231                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          18398                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data          35574                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               54350                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         6006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        28842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             34848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        57505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        57505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       129411                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       129411                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3527                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3527                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         2577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        17919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total           17919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       129926                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       129926                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        72967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        72967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        10368                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        10368                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         6006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        28842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        129926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         90886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total             255660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         6006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        28842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       129926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        90886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total            255660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.988092                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.988092                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.970120                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.970120                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.509180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.509180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.141604                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.141604                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.362493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.362493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.870853                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.870853                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.038462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.141604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.391413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.212587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.038462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.141604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.391413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.212587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              10438                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   10438                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                        38390                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse                6268.836034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                    601265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                   40783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   14.743030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    144.525753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker   111.705174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker   105.385966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   4053.268373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   1853.950768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.008821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.247392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.382619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009155                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.739197                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                 1249007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses                1249007                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        25518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        54112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 79630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        34929                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total          34929                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       180180                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total         180180                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data           9414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                9414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       168143                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           168143                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data        46469                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           46469                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         3535                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3535                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        25518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        54112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            168143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data             55883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                 303656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        25518                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        54112                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           168143                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data            55883                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                303656                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         2547                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2547                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         2293                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2293                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data         3007                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total              3007                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        12554                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          12554                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        16851                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         16851                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         2159                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2159                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           12554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data           19858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                32832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          266                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          12554                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data          19858                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               32832                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        25784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        54266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             80050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        34929                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34929                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       180180                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total       180180                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         2565                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2565                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         2339                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2339                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        12421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total           12421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       180697                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       180697                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        63320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        63320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data         5694                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5694                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        25784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        54266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        180697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         75741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total             336488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        25784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        54266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       180697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        75741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total            336488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.992982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.980333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.980333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.242090                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.242090                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.069475                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.069475                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.266124                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.266124                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.379171                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.379171                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.010316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.069475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.262183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.097573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.010316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.069475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.262183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.097573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2781                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2781                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                        17039                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse                9593.621502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                    204232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                   31788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                    6.424814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            6958881948711000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1370.512341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    58.847184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    63.576368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   3648.009550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   4452.676059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.083649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.222657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.271770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.585548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667908                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                  446940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                 446940                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        10201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 12406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26087                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total          26087                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        45231                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total          45231                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data            34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data           4652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                4652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        37602                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            37602                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        23779                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           23779                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         1899                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1899                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        10201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             37602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data             28431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  78439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2205                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        10201                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            37602                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data            28431                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 78439                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         1859                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1859                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         1988                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1988                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         3264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total              3264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst         8147                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           8147                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        14561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         14561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         3178                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total          3178                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst            8147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data           17825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                26236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           8147                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data          17825                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               26236                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        10327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             12670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26087                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26087                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        45231                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total        45231                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         1893                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1893                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2074                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2074                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data         7916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total            7916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        45749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        45749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        38340                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        38340                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         5077                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5077                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        10327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         45749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         46256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total             104675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        10327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        45749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        46256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total            104675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.058899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.012201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.020837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.982039                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.982039                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.958534                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.958534                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.412329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.412329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.178080                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.178080                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.379786                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379786                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.625960                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.625960                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.058899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.012201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.178080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.385355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.058899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.012201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.178080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.385355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               3802                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    3802                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                        13494                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               12707.666944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                    494260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                   66452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    7.437850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   4358.347086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    44.737510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    55.986070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   4416.510967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   3832.085312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.266012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.002731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.269562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.233892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.775614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.862488                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                 1078374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                1078374                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         8620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        30832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 39452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        61270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total          61270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       130148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         130148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          10434                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total               10434                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       112349                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           112349                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        44048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           44048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         1445                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1445                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         8620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        30832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            112349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data             54482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                 206283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         8620                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        30832                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           112349                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data            54482                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                206283                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         2239                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2239                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         2165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         8877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total              8877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        18319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          18319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        25324                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         25324                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        11322                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total         11322                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           18319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data           34201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                52974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          252                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          18319                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data          34201                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               52974                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         8822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        31084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             39906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        61270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        61270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       130148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       130148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        19311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total           19311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       130668                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       130668                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        69372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        69372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        12767                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12767                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         8822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        31084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        130668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         88683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total             259257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         8822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        31084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       130668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        88683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total            259257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.967589                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.967589                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.954165                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.954165                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.459686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.459686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.140195                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.140195                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.365046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.365046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.886818                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.886818                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.140195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.385655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.204330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.140195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.385655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.204330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              11441                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   11441                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                        42018                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               10028.957995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                    336926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                   45423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                    7.417520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    940.804520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    53.114100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    66.523676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   3910.290155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   5058.225544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.057422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.003242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.238665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.308730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.612119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010132                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783630                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                  727259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                 727259                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        18175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 21807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        41817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total          41817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        79930                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total          79930                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data           8859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                8859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst        68979                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            68979                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        36140                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           36140                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         1867                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1867                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        18175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             68979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data             44999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                 135785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3632                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        18175                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            68979                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data            44999                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                135785                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         3079                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3079                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         2580                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2580                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data         4795                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total              4795                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        11471                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          11471                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        22465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         22465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         3816                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total          3816                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           11471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data           27260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                39105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          216                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          11471                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data          27260                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               39105                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        18333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             22181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        41817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        79930                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total        79930                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         3564                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3564                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         2704                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2704                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        13654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total           13654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst        80450                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        80450                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        58605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        58605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         5683                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5683                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        18333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         80450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data         72259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total             174890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        18333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        80450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data        72259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total            174890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.056133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.008618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.016861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.863917                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.863917                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.954142                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.954142                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.351179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.351179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.142585                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142585                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.383329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.383329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.671476                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.671476                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.056133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.008618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.142585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.377254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.223598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.056133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.008618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.142585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.377254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.223598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4720                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4720                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                        20815                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               10877.147021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                  10145472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                 1978379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                    5.128174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1423.303701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    55.067456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    74.010962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   4030.155002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   5294.609900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.086872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.003361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.004517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.245981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.323157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.663888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.051636                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.948364                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                22619317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses               22619317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      3345118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       112307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total               3457425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       727710                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total         727710                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       691198                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total         691198                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          1986                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1986                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data          96734                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total               96734                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       631314                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           631314                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       755917                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          755917                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         5530                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5530                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      3345118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       112307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst            631314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data            852651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                4941390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      3345118                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       112307                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst           631314                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data           852651                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total               4941390                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        31408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               32433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         5725                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total             5725                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         4950                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4950                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data       251991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total            251991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        60409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          60409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data      1446863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       1446863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data       164884                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total        164884                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        31408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           60409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data         1698854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total              1791696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        31408                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1025                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          60409                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data        1698854                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total             1791696                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      3376526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       113332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total           3489858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       727710                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       727710                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       691198                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total       691198                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         7711                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           7711                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         5060                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5060                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       348725                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total          348725                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       691723                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       691723                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data      2202780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2202780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data       170414                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       170414                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      3376526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       113332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        691723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       2551505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total            6733086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      3376526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       113332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst       691723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      2551505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total           6733086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.009302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.742446                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.742446                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.978261                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978261                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.722607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.722607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.087331                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.087331                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.656835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.656835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.967550                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.967550                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.009302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.087331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.665824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.266103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.009302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.087331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.665824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.266103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks             447914                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                  447914                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                      1941659                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse                9217.347561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                    291789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                   49975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                    5.838699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    800.970338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    65.477434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    81.605386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   3797.480611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   4471.813792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.048887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.003996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.231780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.272938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.562582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012085                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                  642377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                 642377                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         4011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        15148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 19159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        39767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total          39767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        64372                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total          64372                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           490                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total                490                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data           5657                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                5657                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst        52131                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            52131                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        30100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           30100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         2196                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2196                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         4011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        15148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             52131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data             35757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                 107047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         4011                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        15148                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            52131                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data            35757                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                107047                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         2283                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2283                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         3277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           3277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         6653                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total              6653                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        12763                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          12763                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        23232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         23232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         4291                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4291                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           12763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data           29885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                43056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          252                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          12763                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data          29885                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               43056                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         4263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        15304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             19567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        39767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        64372                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total        64372                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         2773                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2773                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3423                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3423                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        12310                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total           12310                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst        64894                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        64894                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        53332                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        53332                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data         6487                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         6487                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         4263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        15304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         64894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         65642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total             150103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         4263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        15304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        64894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        65642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total            150103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.059113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.010193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.020851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.823296                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.823296                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.957347                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.957347                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.540455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.540455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.196675                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.196675                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.435611                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.435611                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.661477                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.661477                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.059113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.010193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.196675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.455273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.286843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.059113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.010193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.196675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.455273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.286843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               6286                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    6286                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                        24875                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                   0.790050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                    161222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                   26930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                    5.986706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            10891352101359000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      0.114093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.004891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     0.003769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst      0.264191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data      0.403107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008667                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.776672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                  354888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                 354888                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 10709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        20800                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total          20800                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        37948                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total          37948                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           440                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total                440                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data           3226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                3226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst        30672                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            30672                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        15904                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           15904                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data          774                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total             774                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             30672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data             19130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  60511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2015                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8694                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            30672                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data            19130                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 60511                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          839                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total              839                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         1359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         2533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total              2533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst         7794                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           7794                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data        12371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         12371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         2739                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2739                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            7794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data           14904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                22955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           7794                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data          14904                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               22955                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             10966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        20800                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20800                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        37948                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total        37948                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         1279                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1279                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         1413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data         5759                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5759                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst        38466                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        38466                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        28275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        28275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3513                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         3513                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         38466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         34034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              83466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        38466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        34034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             83466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.071000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.011709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.023436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.655981                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.655981                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.961783                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.961783                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.439833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.439833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.202620                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.202620                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.437524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.437524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.779675                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.779675                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.071000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.011709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.202620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.437915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.275022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.071000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.011709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.202620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.437915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.275022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               3446                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    3446                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                        11572                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse                9435.460804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                    706975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                   76071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                    9.293620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            6958880398836000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1436.342216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    39.870716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    49.345563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   3935.020880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   3974.881428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.002434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.240175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.242608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.575895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010193                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839233                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                 1504609                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                1504609                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        22177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        34882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 57059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        76193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total          76193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       183957                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total         183957                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data            43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data          13790                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total               13790                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       162999                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           162999                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        77615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           77615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         1105                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1105                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        22177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        34882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst            162999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data             91405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                 311463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        22177                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        34882                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst           162999                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data            91405                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                311463                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         2295                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2295                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         2380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         9548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total              9548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        21472                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          21472                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        34489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         34489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         6714                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total          6714                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           21472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data           44037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                66092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          367                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          216                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          21472                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data          44037                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               66092                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        22544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        35098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             57642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        76193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        76193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       183957                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total       183957                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         2338                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2338                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         2456                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2456                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        23338                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total           23338                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       184471                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       184471                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       112104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       112104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data         7819                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         7819                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        22544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        35098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        184471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        135442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total             377555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        22544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        35098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst       184471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       135442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total            377555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.016279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.981608                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.981608                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.969055                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969055                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.409118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.409118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.116398                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.116398                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.307652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.307652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.858678                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.858678                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.016279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.116398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.325135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.175053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.016279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.116398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.325135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.175053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              10872                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   10872                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                        51641                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse                8344.291336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                    203273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                   31146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                    6.526456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            6958880973521000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    903.403611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    42.702803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    50.292457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   3475.586450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   3872.306014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.055139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.002606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.003070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.212133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.236347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.509295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742554                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                  444266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                 444266                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         4109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        11009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 15118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total          22878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        51184                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total          51184                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           474                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total                474                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           3390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                3390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst        41858                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            41858                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        19978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           19978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data          318                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total             318                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        11009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             41858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data             23368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  80344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         4109                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        11009                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            41858                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data            23368                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 80344                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         1313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         1150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         2996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total              2996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst         9845                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           9845                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        13955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         13955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         3160                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total          3160                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            9845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data           16951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                27095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           9845                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data          16951                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               27095                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         4299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        11118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             15417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        51184                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total        51184                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         1787                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1787                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         1211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data         6386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total            6386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst        51703                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        51703                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        33933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        33933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3478                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         3478                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         4299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        11118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         51703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         40319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total             107439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         4299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        11118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        51703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        40319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total            107439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.044196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.019394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.734751                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.734751                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.949628                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.949628                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.469151                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.469151                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.190414                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.190414                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.411252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.411252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.908568                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.908568                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.044196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.190414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.420422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.252190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.044196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.190414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.420422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.252190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               3209                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    3209                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                        13982                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               11458.748918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                    678995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                   42783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   15.870673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    675.293284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   119.040325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   151.486887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5770.729022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   4742.199401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.041217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.007266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.009246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.352217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.289441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.699387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015259                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650452                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                 1405695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses                1405695                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        32037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        61252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 93289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total          40403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       201978                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total         201978                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          11328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total               11328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       188806                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           188806                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data        53301                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           53301                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data         3668                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3668                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        32037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        61252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            188806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data             64629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                 346724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        32037                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        61252                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           188806                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data            64629                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                346724                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         2645                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2645                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         2188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         4171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total              4171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        13684                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          13684                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        16967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         16967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         1764                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total          1764                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           13684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data           21138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                35445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          278                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          13684                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data          21138                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               35445                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        32382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        61530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             93912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       201978                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total       201978                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         2648                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2648                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         2210                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2210                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        15499                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total           15499                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       202490                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       202490                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        70268                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        70268                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data         5432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        32382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        61530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        202490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         85767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total             382169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        32382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        61530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       202490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data        85767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total            382169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.004518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.006634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.998867                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998867                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.990045                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990045                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.269114                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.269114                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.067579                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.067579                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.241461                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.241461                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.324742                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.324742                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.004518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.067579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.246458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.092747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.004518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.067579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.246458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.092747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               3736                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    3736                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                        18934                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse                7353.432915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                  28224405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                  669569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   42.153094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1431.000888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    37.966828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    62.925677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   3165.286678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   2656.252844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.002317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.193194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.162125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.448818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005737                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.441528                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses                57203081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses               57203081                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       458673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2913367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total               3372040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1412407                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1412407                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      9718884                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total        9718884                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         425341                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total              425341                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      9516961                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          9516961                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1911385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1911385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       108176                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total          108176                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       458673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2913367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst           9516961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           2336726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               15225727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       458673                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2913367                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          9516961                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          2336726                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              15225727                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        15284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        12730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               28014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        28372                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            28372                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        20875                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          20875                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        41517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total             41517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       202435                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         202435                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       192577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        192577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        31585                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total         31585                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        15284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        12730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          202435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          234094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total               464543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        15284                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        12730                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         202435                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         234094                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total              464543                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       473957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2926097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total           3400054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1412407                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1412407                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      9718884                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total      9718884                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        28372                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          28372                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        20875                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        20875                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       466858                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total          466858                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      9719396                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      9719396                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2103962                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2103962                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       139761                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       139761                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       473957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2926097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       9719396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       2570820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           15690270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       473957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2926097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      9719396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      2570820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          15690270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.088929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.088929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.020828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.020828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.091531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.091531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.225993                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.225993                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.020828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.091058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.029607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.020828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.091058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.029607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             105969                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  105969                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                       487671                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               11700.095215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                   2165762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                   99752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   21.711464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    688.113340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker   133.507888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker   146.884311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   5221.299867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   5510.289809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.041999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.008149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.318683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.336321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.714117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013733                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.691895                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                 4441132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses                4441132                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        98343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       203016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                301359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       121023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total         121023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       663399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total         663399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data             7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data          32568                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total               32568                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       639612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           639612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       167236                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          167236                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        10670                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total           10670                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        98343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       203016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst            639612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data            199804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                1140775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        98343                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       203016                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst           639612                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data           199804                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total               1140775                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         8468                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total             8468                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         8018                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           8018                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        12370                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             12370                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        24299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          24299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        42039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         42039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         3062                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total          3062                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           24299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data           54409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                79760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          678                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          374                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          24299                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data          54409                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               79760                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        99021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       203390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total            302411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       121023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       121023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       663399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total       663399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         8475                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           8475                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         8114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        44938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total           44938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       663911                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       663911                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       209275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       209275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        13732                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13732                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        99021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       203390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst        663911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        254213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total            1220535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        99021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       203390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst       663911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       254213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total           1220535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.003479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.999174                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999174                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.988169                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988169                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.275268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.275268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036600                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.036600                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.200879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.222983                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.222983                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.214029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.065348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.214029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.065348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              10291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   10291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                        51210                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      14607982                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6684772                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1976457                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5181269                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              22543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             22543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2474450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4441235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           134892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          98187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          233079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            950521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           950521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5150697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1358000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1358000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1598885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1598885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        35250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6578307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total      6628831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       146325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total       147033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5144284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total      5160944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       175702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total       177366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        94263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total        95709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        79392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total        80060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       177986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       179102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       117097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       117855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5857353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total      5869739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       129933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       130671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        66821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total        67023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       203733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total       207219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        78733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total        79757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       100769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       101983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1507909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      1517813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       242787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total       246519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               22406509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34107840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34107840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        70500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    176868416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    176949392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3633728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total      3635042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    119640320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total    119668066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4113344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total      4115838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2273792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total      2276582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1913984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total      1915320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          702                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4078592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total      4080122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2790144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total      2791660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    143215424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total    143225916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3138368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total      3139844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1686144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total      1686548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4885760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total      4889009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1933504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total      1935093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2492032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total      2494460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     36336704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total     36356512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5734656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total      5742120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               549009364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7745412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.749539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            2.369347                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6004322     77.52%     77.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1091066     14.09%     91.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  108579      1.40%     93.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                   71506      0.92%     93.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                   77912      1.01%     94.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                   42267      0.55%     95.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   35858      0.46%     95.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   35220      0.45%     96.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   27198      0.35%     96.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   28873      0.37%     97.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  28954      0.37%     97.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  32724      0.42%     97.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  26191      0.34%     98.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  42689      0.55%     98.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                  78912      1.02%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                  13141      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7745412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests     29252181                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14628408                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       209691                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       251831                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       251791                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           40                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq          4135526                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp        17646017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            9226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           9226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1571924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      6331128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       6652098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        31114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        69213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1040743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1040743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      6331640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7178851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        71009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        71009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     18994408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     24997250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2143286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      6095694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            52230638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    810417152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    626738128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      8573144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side     24382776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total           1470111200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       3111875                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                37538816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples       21856810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.021302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.144403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0             21391249     97.87%     97.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               465521      2.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                   40      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total         21856810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests       324281                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       165255                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        79150                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        79150                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq            33766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp          172647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq             124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp            124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean        66237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict         45946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq          13497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp         13497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        66749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        72132                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       199735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       281379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        33166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        33906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total              548186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      8511104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      8162338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       132664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       135624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total             16941730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                        328628                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                  541504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples         521881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.165181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.371344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0               435676     83.48%     83.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1                86205     16.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total           521881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests     19319872                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9705338                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        59445                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       133564                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       133518                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           46                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq          1231826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp         9890538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq            3898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp           3898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1774483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5238594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict       2571432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         24024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        33339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq         374946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp        374946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      5239106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3419606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         9024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         9024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       571947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       571947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     15716806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     13180299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      1152974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      1301814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total            31351893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    670572800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    356445986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      4611896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      5207256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total           1036837938                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                       2076670                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                46324480                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples       12916455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.021713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.145768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0             12636051     97.83%     97.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               280358      2.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                   46      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total         12916455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests       467631                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       236458                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        76090                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        76090                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq            38715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp          241608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq             365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp            365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        57505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       129414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict         38690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq          17919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp         17919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       129926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        72967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        10368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        10368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       389266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       312575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        60826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        15670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total              778337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     16597760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      9499518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       243304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        62680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total             26403262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                        432769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                  668032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples         700283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.115436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.319548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0               619445     88.46%     88.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1                80838     11.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total           700283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests       526803                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       263777                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        83159                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        83159                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq            81812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp          325829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq             241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp            241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean       180185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict         41925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq          12421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp         12421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       180697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        63320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side       541579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side       252770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       109820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side        52840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total              957009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     23096448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      7085670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       439280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       211360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total             30832758                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                        428055                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                  177984                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples         770113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.110379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.313361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0               685109     88.96%     88.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1                85004     11.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total           770113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests       197827                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       100745                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           23                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        72464                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        72464                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq            14862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp           98951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq             106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp            106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean        45237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict         22556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq           7916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp          7916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        45749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        38340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       136735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       159911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        22356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side         6912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total              325914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      5823104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      4631288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        89424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        27648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total             10571464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                        329834                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                  243328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples         441725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.170660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.376212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0               366340     82.93%     82.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1                75385     17.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total           441725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests       473367                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       241187                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        74542                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        74542                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq            44684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp          244724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq             318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp            318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        61270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       130156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict         37945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq          19311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp         19311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       130668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        69372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       391492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       312525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        66786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        22102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total              792905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     16692736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      9598522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       267144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        88408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total             26646810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                        380168                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                  732224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples         659094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.124095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.329690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0               577304     87.59%     87.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1                81790     12.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total           659094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests       325933                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       167542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        87550                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        87550                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq            27787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp          166842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq             121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp            121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean        79938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict         32339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq          13654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp         13654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        80450                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        58605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       240838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       243334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        38770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        16288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total              539230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     10264832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      7302380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       155080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        65152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total             17787444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                        394411                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                  302080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples         578148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.163878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.370166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0               483402     83.61%     83.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1                94746     16.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total           578148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6863088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3445275                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1687                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       105452                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       105438                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq          3515408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp         6409911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq            3460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp           3460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       727710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean       691211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1986964                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          7711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        12771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq         348725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp        348725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       691723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2202780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       170414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       170414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      2074657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      8204888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       231250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side      6794100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total            17304895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     88507776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    209880252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       925000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side     27176400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total            326489428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                       2287532                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                28666496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples        9223419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.014498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.119543                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0              9089714     98.55%     98.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               133691      1.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                   14      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total          9223419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests       284344                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       147321                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           23                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        73908                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        73908                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq            25349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp          143575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq             117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp            117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        39767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean        64382                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict         29289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq          12310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp         12310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        64894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        53332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       194170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       226444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        32798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        17396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total              470808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      8273664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      6747652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       131192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        69584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total             15222092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                        327673                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                  402304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples         491084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.166200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.372260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0               409466     83.38%     83.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1                81618     16.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total           491084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests       158408                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        82415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        18109                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18109                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq            15739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp           82480                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq              29                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp             29                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean        37954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict         15565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq           5759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp          5759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        38466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        28275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       114886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       117045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        19150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        12184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total              263265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      4890880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      3509780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        76600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        48736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total              8525996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                         77301                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                  220544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples         170791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.137618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.344500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0               147287     86.24%     86.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1                23504     13.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total           170791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests       711215                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       337814                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        76252                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        76252                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq            62826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp          359401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq             940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp            940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        76193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean       183959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict         63956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq          23338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp         23338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       184471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       112104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         7819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         7819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       552901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       531265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        73078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        50968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total             1208212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     23579520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     13547889                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       292312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       203872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total             37623593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                        401681                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                  695808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples         838503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.101467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.301946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0               753423     89.85%     89.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1                85080     10.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total           838503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests       200244                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       100969                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        68481                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        68481                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq            19150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp          104786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq             205                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp            205                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean        51191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict         18588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        51703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        33933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       154597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       143632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        23428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        14258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total              335915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      6585216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      4046197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        93712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        57032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total             10782157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                        345309                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                  205376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples         464468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.158904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.365587                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0               390662     84.11%     84.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1                73806     15.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total           464468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests       588877                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       295190                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        74895                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        74895                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq            94526                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp          367284                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq             198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp            198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        40403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean       201978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict         46616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq          15499                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp         15499                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       202490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        70268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side       606958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side       280347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       123194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side        65040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total             1075539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     25885952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      8077308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       492776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total             34716196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                        387056                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                  239104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples         773589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.098538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.298041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0               697361     90.15%     90.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1                76228      9.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total           773589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     24866702                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12437595                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       245045                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       245045                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq          3402423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        15225781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            2583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           2583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1412407                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean      9718884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1256187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         28372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        20875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        49247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq         466858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp        466858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      9719396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2103962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       139761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       139761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     29157676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side      8198154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      5852194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side       947914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total            44155938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   1244049920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    254946336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     23408776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      3791656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           1526196688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                        886769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                 6782016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       16691880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.014680                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.120270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             16446835     98.53%     98.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               245045      1.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         16691880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1872851                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       941092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       110258                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       110258                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891613106347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq           304195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp         1177381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq             612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp            612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       121023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean       663399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict        135412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          8475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         8114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        16589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq          44938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp         44938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       663911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       209275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      1991221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side       829235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       406956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       198926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total             3426338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     84947840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     24022568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      1627824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       795704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total            111393936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                        487143                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                  658624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples        1718638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.066815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.249701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0              1603808     93.32%     93.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               114830      6.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total          1718638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
