
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              12099.868535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                12099868535135000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               18846991589916000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2427222                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2685142                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           3409623731918                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5043852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3548.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8613578450                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9528869374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker       213376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       132928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       9594880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      81748224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        28032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       1322304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       3447680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       2200256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       3272000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        95680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        30592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2155584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       7847680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       125824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        50496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       5133824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       9019328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        11904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        952896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       1371392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        30976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1858240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       5152320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        30528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        28864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1885824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       3699136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker      3577344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        93440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       4424768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data     171859392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        24640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker         8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1198272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       1925952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        19776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1010944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       1767232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker         8512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker         6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst        667456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data        890944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        26304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1878720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       4517760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        34880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        22208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       1432320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       1667264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      2796032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      2025920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      37470336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      30338816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       115200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        43840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       3463872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       3347584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          418243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      9594880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      1322304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      2200256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2155584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      5133824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       952896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1858240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1885824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      4424768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1198272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1010944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst       667456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1878720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      1432320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     37470336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      3463872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      76650496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    183971392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       183971392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         3334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         2077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst         149920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1277316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker          438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          20661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          53870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          34379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          51125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          33681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         122620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         1966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          80216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         140927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          14889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          21428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          29035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          80505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          29466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          57799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker        55896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker         1460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          69137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data        2685303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          18723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          30093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          15796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          27613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          10429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          13921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          29355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          70590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker          545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          22380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          26051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        43688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        31655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         585474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         474044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         1800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          54123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          52306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6535052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2874553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2874553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             6756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst               79                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker          296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data            14203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               99                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               84                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               55                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data               74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 34566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst           79                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           99                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           84                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           55                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             6335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           15204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                15204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           15204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            6756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst              79                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker          296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data           14203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              99                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              84                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              55                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data              74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                49770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1974698544933996                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1974698544933996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 18846991589916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1974698544933996                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1974698544933996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 18846991589916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         1974698544933996                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           1974698544933996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 18846991589916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         1974698544933996                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           1974698544933996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 18846991589916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                  368297                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong              368297                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       368297                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        368297    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       368297                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       360258     98.41%     98.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5492      1.50%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          327      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       366077                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       368297                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       368297                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       366077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       366077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       734374                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   41809305                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   351558                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  35430905                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   16739                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                   2819                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                11363                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     811                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               42160863                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              35447644                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        77240210                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                        368297                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    77608507                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  621452                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              621452                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       621452                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        621452    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       621452                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       615570     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5588      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       621158                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       621452                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       621452                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       621158                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       621158                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1242610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  197548460                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   621452                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                   2184                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              198169912                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       197548460                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        621452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   198169912                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             12431                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         6216                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1946548900765.364258                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8237052361991.636719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          936     15.06%     15.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         4741     76.27%     91.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            2      0.03%     91.36% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.02%     91.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     91.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            2      0.03%     91.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     91.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.03%     91.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.02%     91.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::6.5e+11-7e+11            3      0.05%     91.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8e+11-8.5e+11            1      0.02%     91.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            2      0.03%     91.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.02%     91.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          522      8.40%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          6216                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  120567977314                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099747967157504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   37652111126383                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   6216                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 198144955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   241115086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts              65837843                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           222011180                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses             3330974                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  13035749                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts     28388454                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  222011180                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                    3330974                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads         314447242                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        175688566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads           4841948                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes          2949394                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           66013169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          50464273                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    77480831                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  42045030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 35435801                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             37651735945570.875000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             375180812.122616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                        43622017                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass              143794      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               160438617     66.53%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                 387151      0.16%     66.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                  118713      0.05%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                 481522      0.20%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                1029693      0.43%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                 575176      0.24%     67.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                484203      0.20%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               43      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               42045030     17.44%     85.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              35435801     14.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                241139749                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         480.335160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          77575437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3536470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           21.935839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   480.335160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.938155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       158690672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      158690672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     38603631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38603631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     33636294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     33636294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       391359                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       391359                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data        56091                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        56091                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       641563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       641563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       596681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       596681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     72296016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       72296016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     72687375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      72687375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      2417304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2417304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       958748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       958748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        72704                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        72704                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data       127209                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       127209                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data        14865                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14865                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        58988                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        58988                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      3503261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      3503261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      3575965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      3575965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     41020935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41020935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     34595042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     34595042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       464063                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       464063                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data       183300                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       183300                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       656428                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       656428                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       655669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       655669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     75799277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     75799277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     76263340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     76263340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.058929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.027713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.156668                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.156668                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.693993                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.693993                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.022645                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022645                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.089966                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089966                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.046890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1625138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1625138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              3454895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         198169618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5752056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           34.451963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses       402091292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses      402091292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    192417562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     192417562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    192417562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      192417562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    192417562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     192417562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      5752056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5752056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      5752056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      5752056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      5752056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      5752056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    198169618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    198169618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    198169618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    198169618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    198169618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    198169618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.029026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.029026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.029026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5751544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         5751544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              5751544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   11240                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               11240                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11240                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11240    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11240                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10762     98.61%     98.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          115      1.05%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10914                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        11240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        10914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22154                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                    3993663                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    10525                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                   2436323                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                     715                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    410                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  156                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     180                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                4004188                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses               2437038                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                         6429986                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         11240                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                     6441226                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   10642                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               10642                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10642                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10642    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10642                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10465     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           41      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10506                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10642                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10642                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21148                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                   17043177                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    10642                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    193                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses               17053819                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                        17043177                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         10642                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                    17053819                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               463                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          232                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   52154562582135.085938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  522252644796908                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           69     29.74%     29.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          112     48.28%     78.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.43%     78.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           50     21.55%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7955122211055500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           232                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10016079659                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099858519055340                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8289492648390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    232                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                  17052721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                    20031167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts               9708737                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses            18589923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               18998                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                    749034                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts      2683887                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                   18589923                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      18998                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          25421898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes         14981399                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             20967                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            11559                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            4886586                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           4816317                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     6430898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   3994751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                  2436147                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8289485786479.190430                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             6861910.809847                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                         3625187                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 485      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                13544134     67.61%     67.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  38766      0.19%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   10181      0.05%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   1378      0.01%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   2961      0.01%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   1940      0.01%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  1382      0.01%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                3994751     19.94%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite               2436147     12.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                 20032129                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         384.383065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs           6439149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          176110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.563222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   384.383065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.750748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.750748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13056584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13056584                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data      3747354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3747354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data      2325312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2325312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        47194                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        47194                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         1016                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1016                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        69541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        69541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        65247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        65247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data      6073682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        6073682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data      6120876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       6120876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       136297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       136297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data        29096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        29096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         2772                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2772                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        10093                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10093                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         4696                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4696                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data       175486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       175486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data       178258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       178258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data      3883651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3883651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data      2354408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2354408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        49966                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        49966                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11109                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        11109                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        70072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        70072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        69943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        69943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data      6249168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6249168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      6299134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6299134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.035095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.055478                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.055478                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.908543                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.908543                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.007578                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007578                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.067140                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067140                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.028081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.028299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        81692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           81692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements               172153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.657489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs          17053683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          125661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          135.711820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.657489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses        34233027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses       34233027                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst     16928022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      16928022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst     16928022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       16928022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst     16928022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      16928022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       125661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       125661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       125661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       125661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       125661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       125661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst     17053683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17053683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst     17053683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     17053683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst     17053683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     17053683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       125149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          125149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               125149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                    7421                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong                7421                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7421                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7421    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7421                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2112823868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2112823868    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2112823868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         6770     98.06%     98.06% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          109      1.58%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           25      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         6904                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         7421                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7421                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         6904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         6904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        14325                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    3333484                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                     6632                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   2456308                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                     789                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    441                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  246                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     178                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                3340116                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               2457097                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                         5789792                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                          7421                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                     5797213                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   22864                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               22864                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        22864                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         22864    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        22864                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   2113129868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    2113129868    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   2113129868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22613     99.63%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           83      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22696                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        22864                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        22864                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        22696                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22696                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        45560                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   14988248                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    22864                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               15011112                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        14988248                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         22864                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    15011112                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               789                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          395                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   29866741887566.210938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  400411715688259.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          192     48.61%     48.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          148     37.47%     86.08% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.25%     86.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           54     13.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7950194244979500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           395                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302505489546346                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 11797363045588654                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21793594690268                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    395                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  15008997                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    17786970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts               4284107                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            16411438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               81644                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                    884030                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      2263083                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   16411438                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      81644                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          22944207                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes         13094448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            113245                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            65980                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            4074660                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           4013428                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     5784276                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   3328139                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  2456137                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21793578670038.824219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             16020229.177533                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         3296089                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                3063      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                11908437     66.94%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  32278      0.18%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                    4570      0.03%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     7      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     3      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  10806      0.06%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  22658      0.13%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  12252      0.07%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 10556      0.06%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                3328139     18.71%     86.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               2456137     13.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 17788917                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         419.480443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           5790172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          201549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.728359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049619649853500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   419.480443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.819298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.819298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        11790483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses       11790483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      3046746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3046746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      2321183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2321183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        61136                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        61136                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         2673                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2673                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        75690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        75690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        72335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        72335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      5370602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        5370602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      5431738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       5431738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       149630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        36901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         4628                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4628                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        14185                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14185                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         4105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       200716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       200716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       205344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       205344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      3196376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3196376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      2358084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2358084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        65764                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65764                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        16858                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16858                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        76593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        76593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        76440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        76440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      5571318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5571318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      5637082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5637082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.046812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.070373                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.070373                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.841440                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.841440                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.011790                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011790                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.053702                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053702                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.036027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.036427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       113616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          113616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               196026                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.200003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          15010944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          270290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           55.536439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049619649848500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   499.200003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.975000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        30292178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       30292178                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     14740654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14740654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     14740654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14740654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     14740654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14740654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       270290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       270290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       270290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       270290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       270290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       270290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     15010944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15010944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     15010944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     15010944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     15010944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     15010944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       269778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          269778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               269778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   40456                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               40456                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40456                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40456    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40456                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     26629572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      26629572    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     26629572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32718     99.52%     99.52% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           45      0.14%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          112      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32875                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        40456                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40456                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        32875                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32875                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        73331                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                  360458928                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    23907                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                 354791505                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                   16549                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    762                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  905                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     220                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses              360482835                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses             354808054                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                       715250433                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         40456                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                   715290889                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   50004                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               50004                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        50004                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         50004    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        50004                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    -22070428                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0     -22070428    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total    -22070428                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49553     99.60%     99.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          201      0.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49754                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        50004                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        50004                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        49754                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49754                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        99758                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                 6688914412                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    50004                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    650                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses             6688964416                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                      6688914412                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         50004                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                  6688964416                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               839                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          420                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   28800567164017.984375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  388562682616330.375000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          167     39.76%     39.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          187     44.52%     84.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           66     15.71%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7950194244303500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           420                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3630326247446                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12096238208887554                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21793594691645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    420                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                6688955663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                  7260643905                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts            6656432194                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses          6565203171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               51914                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                 460146658                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    738953600                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                 6565203171                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      51914                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        9412446386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes       4550932009                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             65628                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            34126                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads        21666683358                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes        4674601926                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   735846968                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                 381619386                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                354227582                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21787055954601.070312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             6538737043.927724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000300                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999700                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                      1181018091                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                1633      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu              6458613670     88.95%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult               61595734      0.85%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   22876      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   5125      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  10626      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   6532      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  5249      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4543995      0.06%     89.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              381619386      5.26%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             354227550      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total               7260652408                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         392.009610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs         715268138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1126907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          634.717983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   392.009610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.765644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.765644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1431677391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1431677391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data    359212603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     359212603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data    353564003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    353564003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data       113442                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       113442                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         1260                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1260                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       617964                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       617964                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       613470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       613470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data    712777866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total      712777866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data    712891308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total     712891308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       521971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       521971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       129123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       129123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        10732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data       476313                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       476313                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1450                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1450                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         5807                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5807                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1127407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1127407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1138139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1138139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data    359734574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    359734574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data    353693126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    353693126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data       124174                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       124174                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data       477573                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       477573                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       619414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       619414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       619277                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       619277                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data    713905273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total    713905273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data    714029447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total    714029447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.086427                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.086427                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.997362                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.997362                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002341                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002341                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.009377                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.009377                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       920005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          920005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1119199                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         503.999943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs        6688964166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1261773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         5301.242114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   503.999943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13379190105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses    13379190105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst   6687702393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6687702393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst   6687702393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total     6687702393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst   6687702393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total    6687702393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst      1261773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1261773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst      1261773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total      1261773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst      1261773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total      1261773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst   6688964166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6688964166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst   6688964166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total   6688964166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst   6688964166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total   6688964166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1261261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total         1261261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements              1261261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  175144                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              175144                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       175144                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        175144    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       175144                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       171645     98.34%     98.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2687      1.54%     99.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          205      0.12%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       174537                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       175144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       175144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       174537                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       174537                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       349681                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   19809672                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   167126                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  15062873                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    8018                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    798                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 5402                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     335                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               19976798                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              15070891                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        34872545                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        175144                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    35047689                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  290971                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              290971                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       290971                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        290971    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       290971                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       288149     99.12%     99.12% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2572      0.88%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       290721                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       290971                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       290971                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       290721                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       290721                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       581692                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   92997137                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   290971                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    382                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               93288108                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        92997137                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        290971                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    93288108                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              5107                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2554                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4737593175167.559570                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  17529364409920.156250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          223      8.73%      8.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2079     81.40%     90.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     90.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            2      0.08%     90.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.04%     90.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.04%     90.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          247      9.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2554                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   55565757052                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099812969377948                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   37665423487840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   2554                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  93276655                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   111121839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts              38252474                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           102509417                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             1582371                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   5906591                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     13572041                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  102509417                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    1582371                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads         144082786                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         81415058                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           2295695                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes          1399396                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads           23521752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes          22921284                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    34976529                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  19912328                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 15064201                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             37665250518407.476562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             172969432.523543                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                        20578975                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               68175      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                74593062     67.12%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                 212676      0.19%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   65111      0.06%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    8      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 227928      0.21%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 487557      0.44%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 272700      0.25%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                229296      0.21%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               19912328     17.92%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              15064201     13.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                111133042                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         444.017034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          35038915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1220941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.698287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   444.017034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.867221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.849609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        71300563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       71300563                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     18477846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18477846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     14432723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14432723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       192950                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       192950                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data        13725                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        13725                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       335299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       335299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       310571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     32924294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       32924294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     33117244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      33117244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       925218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       925218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       203937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       203937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        33501                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        33501                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        74860                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        74860                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         6981                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6981                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        31304                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        31304                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      1204015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      1204015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1237516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1237516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     19403064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19403064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     14636660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14636660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       226451                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       226451                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        88585                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88585                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       342280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       342280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       341875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       341875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     34128309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34128309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     34354760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34354760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.047684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.147939                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.147939                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.845064                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.845064                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.020396                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020396                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.091566                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.091566                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.035279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       516540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          516540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1186981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.814867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          93287858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2719535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           34.302871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.814867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses       189295251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses      189295251                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     90568323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      90568323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     90568323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       90568323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     90568323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      90568323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      2719535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2719535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      2719535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      2719535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      2719535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      2719535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     93287858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93287858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     93287858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     93287858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     93287858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     93287858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2719023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         2719023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              2719023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    6093                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                6093                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         6093                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          6093    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         6093                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1335848316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1335848316    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1335848316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4161     98.91%     98.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           44      1.05%     99.95% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.05%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4207                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         6093                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         6093                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         4207                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4207                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        10300                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                    2719827                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     5624                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                   1388394                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     469                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    211                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   74                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     100                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                2725451                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses               1388863                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         4108221                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          6093                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     4114314                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    8653                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                8653                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8653                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8653    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8653                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1335853316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1335853316    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1335853316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8486     99.84%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8500                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         8653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         8500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17153                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                   12454559                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     8653                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses               12463212                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                        12454559                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          8653                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                    12463212                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               469                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          235                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   50201494259847.492188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  573334672883175.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           96     40.85%     40.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          134     57.02%     97.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.43%     98.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      1.70%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7950194242837500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           235                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302517384070840                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 11797351151064160                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21793594694392                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    235                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                  12460604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                    14015703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts               5404503                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            12513606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               11883                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    509234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      2862354                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                   12513606                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      11883                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          16989189                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          9847382                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             12372                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             7067                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            4549095                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           4533918                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     4106265                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   2717544                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                  1388721                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21793582069995.699219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             12624396.300333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                         3456298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 264      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 9882547     70.50%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  22687      0.16%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                    2107      0.02%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    810      0.01%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                   1648      0.01%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   1056      0.01%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   774      0.01%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                2717544     19.39%     90.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite               1388721      9.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                 14018158                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         377.213219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           4111990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          105325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.040968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049633429754500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   377.213219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.736745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.736745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         8329305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        8329305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data      2538405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2538405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data      1302272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1302272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        49113                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        49113                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          978                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          978                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        55812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        55812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        52140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        52140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      3841655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        3841655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      3890768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       3890768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        77639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        77639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        19192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         2094                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2094                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        10058                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10058                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          402                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          402                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         3885                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3885                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       106889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       106889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       108983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       108983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data      2616044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2616044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data      1321464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1321464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        51207                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        51207                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        11036                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        11036                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        56214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        56214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        56025                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56025                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      3948544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3948544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      3999751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3999751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.029678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.040893                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.040893                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.911381                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.911381                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.007151                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007151                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.069344                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069344                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.027070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.027247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        58008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           58008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               102546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.199421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs          12463059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           98951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          125.951825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049633429749500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   499.199421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.974999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses        25025069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses       25025069                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst     12364108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12364108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst     12364108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12364108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst     12364108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12364108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        98951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        98951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        98951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        98951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        98951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        98951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     12463059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12463059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst     12463059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12463059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst     12463059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12463059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.007940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.007940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.007940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        98439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           98439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                98439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   16845                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               16845                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16845                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16845    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16845                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1878601572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1878601572    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1878601572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16119     98.67%     98.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          164      1.00%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           53      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16336                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        16845                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16845                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        16336                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16336                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33181                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    6082533                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    15718                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   3686781                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    1127                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    595                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  226                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     268                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                6098251                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               3687908                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         9769314                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         16845                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     9786159                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   18024                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               18024                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18024                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18024    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18024                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1828123572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1828123572    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1828123572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17747     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           60      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        17807                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        18024                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18024                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        17807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        17807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        35831                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   26077474                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    18024                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    256                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               26095498                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        26077474                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         18024                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    26095498                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               399                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          200                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   60499266448039.156250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  623345960420353.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           91     45.50%     45.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          104     52.00%     97.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.50%     98.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7950194244810000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           200                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   15245527169                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099853289607832                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21793594690412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    200                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  26093581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    30489194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts              16259292                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            28129482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               52912                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                   1036857                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      4294392                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   28129482                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      52912                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          38204426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         22589175                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             65702                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            38892                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            7806312                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           7713690                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     9756211                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   6069570                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  3686641                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21793567231053.984375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             27459358.013859                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         5648796                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                1857      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                20629158     67.66%     67.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  59161      0.19%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   14966      0.05%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   5371      0.02%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                  11177      0.04%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   7428      0.02%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  5559      0.02%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                6069570     19.91%     87.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               3686641     12.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 30490894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         389.255133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           9785043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          274056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.704538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   389.255133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.760264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.760264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        19844142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses       19844142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      5708962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5708962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      3518221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3518221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        67363                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        67363                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1749                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       105710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       105710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        99341                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        99341                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      9228932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        9228932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      9296295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       9296295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       210988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       210988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        43514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        43514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         3792                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3792                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        17302                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17302                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          934                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          934                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         7167                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7167                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       271804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       271804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       275596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       275596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      5919950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5919950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      3561735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3561735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        71155                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        71155                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        19051                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19051                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       106644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       106644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       106508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       106508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      9500736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9500736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      9571891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9571891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.035640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.053292                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053292                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.908194                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.908194                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.008758                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.067291                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067291                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       132506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          132506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               270580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         503.999894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          26095281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          202411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          128.922247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   503.999894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        52392973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       52392973                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     25892870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      25892870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     25892870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       25892870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     25892870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      25892870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       202411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       202411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       202411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       202411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       202411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       202411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     26095281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26095281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     26095281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     26095281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     26095281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     26095281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       201899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          201899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               201899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   11294                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               11294                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11294                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11294    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11294                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -356339224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -356339224    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -356339224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10150     98.39%     98.39% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          131      1.27%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           35      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10316                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        11294                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11294                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        10316                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10316                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    5518581                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    10230                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   4118121                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    1064                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                   1000                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  203                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     280                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                5528811                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               4119185                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         9636702                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         11294                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     9647996                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   19763                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               19763                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19763                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19763    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19763                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19517     99.54%     99.54% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           90      0.46%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        19607                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        19763                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19763                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        19607                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        19607                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        39370                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   25687767                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    19763                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    804                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               25707530                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        25687767                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         19763                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    25707530                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               872                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          436                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   27751957534888.054688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  34374883933923.816406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          114     26.15%     26.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          117     26.83%     52.98% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.23%     53.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.23%     53.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          203     46.56%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           436                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   15049923807                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099853485211192                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   37594767730744                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    437                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  25705084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    30097558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts              13473909                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            27664679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               82174                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                   1291716                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      4140393                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   27664679                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      82174                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          37727609                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes         21808238                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads            106733                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            59622                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            7372038                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           7283368                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     9631147                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   5512878                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  4118269                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             37594720970069.507812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             46760674.489888                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         5780202                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                2908      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                20357252     67.63%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  48394      0.16%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   11134      0.04%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   8942      0.03%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                  18577      0.06%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                  11632      0.04%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  9856      0.03%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                5512878     18.32%     86.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               4118269     13.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 30099848                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         415.179593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           9643633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          241117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.995658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   415.179593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.810898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        19531839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses       19531839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      5207790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5207790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      3973128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3973128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        60028                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        60028                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         2579                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2579                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        75003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        75003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        70272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        70272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      9183497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        9183497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      9243525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       9243525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       179174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       179174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        46310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        46310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         4202                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4202                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        18333                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18333                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         1112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         5702                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5702                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       243817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       243817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       248019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       248019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      5386964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5386964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      4019438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4019438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        64230                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        64230                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        20912                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        20912                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        76115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        76115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        75974                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        75974                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      9427314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9427314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      9491544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9491544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.033261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.011522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.065421                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.065421                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.876674                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.876674                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.014609                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014609                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.075052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.025863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.026131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       124566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          124566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               232015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.798782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          25707374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          263378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           97.606383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   509.798782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.995701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        51678126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       51678126                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     25443996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      25443996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     25443996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       25443996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     25443996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      25443996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       263378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       263378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       263378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       263378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       263378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       263378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     25707374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25707374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     25707374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     25707374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     25707374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     25707374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       262866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          262866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               262866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                 2429476                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong             2429476                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2429476                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2429476    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2429476                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1449488776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1449488776    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1449488776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2424995     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          162      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          342      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2425499                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2429476                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2429476                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2425499                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2425499                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4854975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                  145687050                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                  2285159                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  71942389                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                  144317                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    628                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  843                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     190                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses              147972209                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              72086706                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                       217629439                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                       2429476                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                   220058915                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   36626                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               36626                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36626                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36626    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36626                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1404810276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1404810276    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1404810276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36358     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          120      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36478                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        36626                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36626                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        36478                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36478                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        73104                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  643855119                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    36626                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    340                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              643891745                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       643855119                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         36626                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   643891745                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              1669                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          835                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   14490420347184.191406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  283250573229522.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          726     86.95%     86.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           82      9.82%     96.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           27      3.23%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7950194243539000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           835                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  367545236199                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099500989898800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21793594693589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    835                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 643886611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   735085394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             598758104                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           674972530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              445513                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  28503402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     80927668                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  674972530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                     445513                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads         918852812                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        579433141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            566195                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes           387411                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads          228697203                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         224162324                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                   219899143                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                 147818584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 72080559                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21792932692041.785156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             662001547.213928                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000030                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999970                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       118566818                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               14233      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               507431042     69.03%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7400354      1.01%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    9802      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                  41118      0.01%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                 102504      0.01%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  54900      0.01%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                 34417      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              147818584     20.11%     90.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              72080559      9.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                735090380                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         384.633533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs         220045681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4910600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           44.810345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   384.633533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.751237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.751237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.728516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       445007338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      445007338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data    143107529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     143107529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     70950023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     70950023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data       242033                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       242033                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data        64341                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        64341                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data       377403                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       377403                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data       378638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       378638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data    214121893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total      214121893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data    214363926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total     214363926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data      4217210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4217210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       503998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       503998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        16447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data       174767                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       174767                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         5990                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5990                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      4895975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      4895975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      4912422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      4912422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data    147324739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    147324739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     71454021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71454021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data       258480                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       258480                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data       239108                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       239108                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       384705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       384705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data       384628                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       384628                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data    219017868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total    219017868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data    219276348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total    219276348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.028625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.007053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.063630                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.063630                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.730912                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.730912                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018981                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018981                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.015573                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015573                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.022354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.022403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       969482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          969482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              4902957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         503.999792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         643891597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          772652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          833.352657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   503.999792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1288555846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1288555846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    643118945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     643118945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    643118945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      643118945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    643118945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     643118945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       772652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       772652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       772652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       772652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       772652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       772652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    643891597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    643891597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    643891597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    643891597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    643891597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    643891597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       772140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          772140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               772140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    7854                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                7854                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7854                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7854    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7854                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1708219276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1708219276    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1708219276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5337     99.11%     99.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           47      0.87%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5385                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         7854                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7854                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5385                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5385                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        13239                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    3465407                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     7273                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   1773560                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     581                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    280                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                   86                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     126                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                3472680                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               1774141                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         5238967                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          7854                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     5246821                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   11468                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               11468                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11468                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11468    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11468                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1663817276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1663817276    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1663817276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11261     99.80%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           23      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11284                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11468                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11468                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11284                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11284                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22752                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   15955939                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    11468                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    118                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               15967407                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        15955939                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         11468                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    15967407                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               469                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          235                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   51488764163537.031250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  573561164422363.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          102     43.40%     43.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          127     54.04%     97.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.43%     97.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      2.13%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7950194242853000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           235                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    8956703798                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099859578431202                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21793594694361                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    235                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  15963977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    17910056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               7151089                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            15957182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               23998                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    633430                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      3713414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   15957182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      23998                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          21653770                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         12517404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             29139                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            17317                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            5882188                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           5867316                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     5235568                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   3461627                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  1773941                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21793578562073.789062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             16132287.211907                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         4454427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 792      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                12636809     70.54%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  24908      0.14%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    2380      0.01%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   2376      0.01%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   4887      0.03%     70.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   3168      0.02%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  2414      0.01%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                3461627     19.32%     90.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               1773941      9.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 17913302                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         370.434828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           5243872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          139231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.663107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   370.434828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.723506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.723506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10626975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10626975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      3234806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3234806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      1667331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1667331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        60719                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        60719                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        67641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        67641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        63739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        63739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      4903433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4903433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      4964152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4964152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       103844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       103844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        25113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         2608                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2608                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        12023                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12023                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         4236                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4236                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       140980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       140980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       143588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       143588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      3338650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3338650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1692444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1692444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        63327                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        63327                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        13319                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13319                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        68157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        68157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        67975                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        67975                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      5044413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5044413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      5107740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5107740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.031104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.041183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.041183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.902695                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.902695                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.007571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.062317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.027948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.028112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        78008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           78008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               136060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         503.999785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          15967223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          127361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          125.369799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   503.999785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        32061807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       32061807                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     15839862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      15839862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     15839862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       15839862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     15839862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      15839862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       127361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       127361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       127361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       127361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       127361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       127361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     15967223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15967223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     15967223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     15967223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     15967223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     15967223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       126849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          126849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               126849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                    8020                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                8020                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8020                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8020    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8020                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1393579436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1393579436    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1393579436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7736     98.17%     98.17% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           73      0.93%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           71      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7880                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8020                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8020                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         7880                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7880                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        15900                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                    2614820                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                     7582                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                   1786428                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     438                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    152                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  265                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                      73                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                2622402                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses               1786866                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         4401248                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                          8020                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     4409268                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   10241                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               10241                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10241                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10241    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10241                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1393273436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1393273436    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1393273436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10121     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           66      0.65%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10187                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10241                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10241                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20428                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                   11901391                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    10241                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses               11911632                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                        11901391                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         10241                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                    11911632                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               549                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          275                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   28929570633031.277344                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  479737225774340.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          201     73.09%     73.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           73     26.55%     99.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      0.36%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7955542206713000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           275                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144236611051399                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 7955631924083601                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21782898766681                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    275                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                  11911177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                    13936058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts               4708373                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses            12896391                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               12554                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    587682                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      1840938                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                   12896391                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      12554                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          18528594                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes         10374150                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             13659                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes             5373                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            3399063                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           3361947                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     4403306                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   2616968                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                  1786338                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21782886222070.527344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             12544610.473876                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         2540750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 233      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 9500056     68.17%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  23760      0.17%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                    5436      0.04%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                    652      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   1422      0.01%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                    932      0.01%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                   660      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                2616968     18.78%     87.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite               1786338     12.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                 13936459                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         240.841003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           4361213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          115722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.686983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891352697612500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   240.841003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.470393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.470393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         8930558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses        8930558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data      2449269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2449269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data      1664616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1664616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        33475                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        33475                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1019                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1019                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        47423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        46507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      4114904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4114904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      4148379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4148379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data        87976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        87976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data        21222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        21222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         2943                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2943                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         4812                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4812                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          503                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          503                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         1381                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1381                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       114010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       114010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       116953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       116953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data      2537245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2537245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data      1685838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1685838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        36418                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        36418                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         5831                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5831                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        47926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        47888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      4228914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4228914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      4265332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4265332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.034674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.080812                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.080812                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.825244                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.825244                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.010495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.028838                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.028838                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.026960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.027419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        59294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           59294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               113497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         336.638953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs          11911578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          163279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           72.952296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891352697607500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   336.638953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.657498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.657498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses        23986435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses       23986435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst     11748299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11748299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst     11748299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11748299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst     11748299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11748299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       163279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       163279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       163279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       163279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       163279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       163279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst     11911578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11911578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst     11911578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11911578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst     11911578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11911578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       162767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          162767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               162767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                    2476                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong                2476                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2476                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2476    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2476                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -811129520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -811129520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -811129520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1805     98.90%     98.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.71%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1825                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2476                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2476                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1825                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1825                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4301                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    1062343                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                     2285                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                    656044                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     191                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    134                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                   55                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      70                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                1064628                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                656235                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         1718387                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                          2476                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     1720863                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                    3742                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong                3742                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3742                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3742    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3742                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -811759520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -811759520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -811759520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3665     99.48%     99.48% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           19      0.52%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3684                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3684                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3684                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7426                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                    5029906                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                     3742                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                     61                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                5033648                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                         5029906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                          3742                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                     5033648                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               207                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   113436145406293.609375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  860446299157052.375000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           45     43.27%     43.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           56     53.85%     97.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      2.88%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7955542209967500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302509412880463                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 11797359122254536                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21782898760001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    104                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   5032699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     5717625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts               1709724                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             5148484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                3866                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    228974                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      1059221                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    5148484                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                       3866                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads           7138989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          4046690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads              4024                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             1970                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            1715970                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           1711965                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1717568                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1061403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   656165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21782893612580.457031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             5147420.545152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         1320790                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                  75      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 3992089     69.81%     69.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                   6689      0.12%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                     887      0.02%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    223      0.00%     69.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                    466      0.01%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                    300      0.01%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                   219      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1061403     18.56%     88.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                656165     11.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  5718516                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         356.469502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           1715991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           49224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.860861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629608400000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   356.469502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.696229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.696229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3488758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3488758                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data       985390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        985390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data       615544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       615544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        19795                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        19795                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          316                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          316                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        21622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        20524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      1601250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1601250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      1621045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1621045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data        35148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        35148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        10973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         1133                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1133                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data         3072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data        49193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        49193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data        50326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        50326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      1020538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1020538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data       626517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        20928                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        20928                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3388                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3388                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        22337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        22283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      1650443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1650443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      1671371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1671371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.034441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.017514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.054138                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054138                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.906730                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.906730                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.032010                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032010                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.078939                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078939                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.030111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           27855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                47459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.199581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs           5033590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs           48793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          103.162134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629608395000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   499.199581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.974999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        10115973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       10115973                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst      4984797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4984797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst      4984797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        4984797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst      4984797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       4984797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst        48793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        48793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst        48793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total        48793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst        48793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total        48793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst      5033590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5033590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst      5033590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      5033590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst      5033590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      5033590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks        48281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total           48281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                48281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   16535                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               16535                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16535                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16535    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16535                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -517112520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -517112520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -517112520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14253     98.80%     98.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          137      0.95%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           36      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14426                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        16535                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16535                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        14426                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14426                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        30961                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    6318884                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    15452                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   3542360                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    1083                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    641                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  193                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     268                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                6334336                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               3543443                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         9861244                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         16535                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     9877779                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   16878                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               16878                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16878                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16878    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16878                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -566293020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -566293020    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -566293020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16582     99.65%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           59      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16641                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        16878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        16641                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16641                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33519                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   27725651                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    16878                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    316                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               27742529                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        27725651                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         16878                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    27742529                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               659                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          330                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   35749532565987.523438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  110902567586764.906250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           94     28.48%     28.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          116     35.15%     63.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.30%     63.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          119     36.06%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1904481013415000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           330                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302522788359118                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 11797345746775882                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   37665423484411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    330                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  27739053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    31874372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts              15668265                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            29030221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               40509                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                   1111365                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      5327713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   29030221                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      40509                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          39274077                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         23090981                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             49242                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            28747                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            9021429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           8926311                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     9855212                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   6312671                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  3542541                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             37665373868675.359375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             49615735.641638                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         6721207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                1324      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                21934930     68.81%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  53357      0.17%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   11402      0.04%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   3914      0.01%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   8202      0.03%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   5296      0.02%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  3970      0.01%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                6312671     19.80%     88.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               3542541     11.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 31877611                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         386.394315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           9874667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          255252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.685953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629904286000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   386.394315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.754676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.754676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        20004586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       20004586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      5945857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5945857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      3373361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3373361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        79488                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        79488                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1729                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data       106123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       106123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        99191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        99191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      9320947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        9320947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      9400435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       9400435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       195546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        42801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        42801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         4070                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4070                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        17925                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17925                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          896                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          896                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         7680                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7680                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       256272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       256272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       260342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       260342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      6141403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6141403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      3416162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3416162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        83558                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        83558                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        19654                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19654                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       107019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       107019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data       106871                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       106871                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      9577219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9577219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      9660777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9660777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.031841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.048709                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.048709                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.912028                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.912028                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.008372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.071862                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071862                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       129150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          129150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               249449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.199568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          27742292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          193458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          143.402144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629904281000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   499.199568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.974999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        55678042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       55678042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     27548834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      27548834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     27548834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       27548834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     27548834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      27548834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       193458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       193458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       193458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       193458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       193458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       193458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     27742292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27742292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     27742292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     27742292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     27742292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     27742292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       192946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          192946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               192946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   23674                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               23674                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23674                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23674    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23674                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22128     98.32%     98.32% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          358      1.59%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22506                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        23674                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23674                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        22506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        46180                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    3757376                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    22511                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   2597445                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    1163                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    217                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                  692                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      71                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                3779887                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               2598608                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                         6354821                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         23674                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                     6378495                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   41201                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               41201                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        41201                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         41201    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        41201                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40779     99.12%     99.12% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          360      0.88%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41139                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        41201                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        41201                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        41139                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41139                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        82340                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   17989506                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    41201                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    122                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               18030707                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        17989506                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         41201                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    18030707                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions               817                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          409                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   29584004961511.062500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  393499150396734.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           67     16.38%     16.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          275     67.24%     83.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.24%     83.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           66     16.14%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 7950194241341500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           409                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10505876976                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099858029258024                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   21793594697558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                    409                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  18027859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    21009137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts               8082634                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            19059697                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              246376                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   1058770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      3229740                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   19059697                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     246376                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          26332707                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes         15008847                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            358390                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           219480                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            5284686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           5187303                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     6367382                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   3769735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  2597647                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             21793575774988.207031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             18922569.791280                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         4500696                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               10709      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                14405281     68.56%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  30878      0.15%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                    7168      0.03%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  35737      0.17%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  76465      0.36%     69.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  42836      0.20%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 35467      0.17%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                3769735     17.94%     87.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               2597647     12.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 21011923                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         405.293186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs           6376236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          192769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.077082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   405.293186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.791588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.791588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        12945241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses       12945241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      3525083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3525083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      2483202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2483202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        40239                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        40239                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         1856                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1856                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        63258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        63258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        60004                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        60004                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data      6010141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        6010141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data      6050380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       6050380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       142503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       142503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data        36249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         5713                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5713                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        12367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         1296                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1296                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data         4466                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4466                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       191119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       191119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       196832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       196832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      3667586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3667586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      2519451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2519451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        45952                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45952                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        14223                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14223                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        64554                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        64554                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        64470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        64470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data      6201260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6201260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      6247212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6247212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.038855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.124325                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.124325                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.869507                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.869507                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.020076                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020076                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.069273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.030819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.031507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        89013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           89013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               186828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.254551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          18030645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          399904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           45.087433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   509.254551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.994638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        36461194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       36461194                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     17630741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      17630741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     17630741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       17630741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     17630741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      17630741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       399904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       399904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       399904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       399904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       399904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       399904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     18030645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18030645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     18030645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     18030645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     18030645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     18030645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.022179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.022179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.022179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       399392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          399392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               399392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  461198                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              461198                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       461198                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        461198    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       461198                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       460495     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          703      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       461198                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       461198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       461198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       461198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       461198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       922396                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  161506399                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   404545                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 143731109                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   56653                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                18986                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              161910944                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             143787762                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       305237508                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        461198                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   305698706                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 2834240                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             2834240                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2834240                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2834240    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2834240                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2826245     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         7995      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2834240                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      2834240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2834240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      2834240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2834240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      5668480                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  743351052                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  2834240                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              746185292                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       743351052                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       2834240                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   746185292                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            118874                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        59437                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203567145481.796936                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2471551805729.053223                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        56830     95.61%     95.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2207      3.71%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          400      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         59437                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  448109118846                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099420426001564                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   37693983239270                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  59437                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 745983512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   896017754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              92014933                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           840838600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             1780535                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  64151235                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    106422008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  840838600                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    1780535                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        1195898474                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        647188502                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           1885251                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          1057654                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads          157002735                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         156397086                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   305163415                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 161484822                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                143678593                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             37692587272265.132812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             1395967004.864204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       176708670                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               40771      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               589507176     65.78%     65.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 717313      0.08%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  116541      0.01%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 121913      0.01%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 255417      0.03%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 163084      0.02%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                133904      0.01%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              161484822     18.02%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             143678593     16.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                896219534                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         495.380479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         305685948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7804599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.167412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   495.380479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.967540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       619176495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      619176495                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    150250704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     150250704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    138391204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    138391204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      2262034                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      2262034                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       103011                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       103011                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      3337318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3337318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      3402546                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      3402546                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    288744919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      288744919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    291006953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     291006953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      5519796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5519796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      1421233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1421233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       413940                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       413940                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       406879                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       406879                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       121446                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       121446                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        55837                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        55837                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      7347908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      7347908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      7761848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      7761848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    155770500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    155770500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    139812437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139812437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2675974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      2675974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       509890                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       509890                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3458764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      3458764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3458383                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      3458383                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    296092827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    296092827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    298768801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    298768801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010165                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010165                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.154688                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.154688                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.797974                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.797974                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035113                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035113                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.016145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4067362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         4067362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              7692775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.909772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         746185292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        28025867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.624878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.909772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1520396451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     1520396451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    718159425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     718159425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    718159425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      718159425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    718159425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     718159425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     28025867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     28025867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     28025867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     28025867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     28025867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     28025867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    746185292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    746185292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    746185292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    746185292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    746185292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    746185292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     28025355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        28025355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             28025355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                  123928                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong              123928                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       123928                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        123928    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       123928                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       121644     98.27%     98.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2032      1.64%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          112      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       123788                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       123928                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       123928                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       123788                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       123788                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       247716                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   13696616                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                   118108                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  11671552                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    5820                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    305                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4036                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     163                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               13814724                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              11677372                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        25368168                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                        123928                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    25492096                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                  241815                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong              241815                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       241815                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        241815    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       241815                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       239863     99.22%     99.22% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1895      0.78%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       241758                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       241815                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       241815                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       241758                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       241758                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       483573                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   68102696                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                   241815                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               68344511                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        68102696                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                        241815                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    68344511                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              5324                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2662                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4545389753020.519531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  16321752625766.902344                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          447     16.79%     16.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1929     72.46%     89.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.08%     89.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.08%     89.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.04%     89.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.04%     89.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          280     10.52%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2662                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   41012594280                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12099827522540624                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   37693983182495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   2662                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  68335302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    82017556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts              20673421                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            75955299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses             1189825                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   5073276                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      9089450                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   75955299                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                    1189825                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads         108246212                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         60451190                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads           1719979                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes          1047304                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads           15644937                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes          15128727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    25437246                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  13764412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 11672834                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             37693855418490.156250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             127764004.845977                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                        14948024                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass               50888      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                55394945     67.53%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                 181075      0.22%     67.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   53852      0.07%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 170517      0.21%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 363772      0.44%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                 203552      0.25%     68.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                170861      0.21%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               13764412     16.78%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              11672834     14.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 82026708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         438.402693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          25485081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          867235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.386592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   438.402693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.856255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        51837397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       51837397                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     12756424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      12756424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     11225637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     11225637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data       135253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       135253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data        15256                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        15256                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       226955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       226955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       210468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       210468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     23997317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       23997317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     24132570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      24132570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       654195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       654195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       157377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       157377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        30945                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        30945                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        43704                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        43704                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         6411                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6411                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        22456                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22456                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       855276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       855276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       886221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       886221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     13410619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13410619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     11383014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11383014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       166198                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       166198                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        58960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        58960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       233366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       233366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       232924                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       232924                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     24852593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24852593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     25018791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     25018791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.048782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.186194                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.186194                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.741248                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.741248                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.027472                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027472                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.096409                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.096409                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.034414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.035422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       381371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          381371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               832574                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.794248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          68344454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2333424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           29.289342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   510.794248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.997645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses       139022332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses      139022332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     66011030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      66011030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     66011030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       66011030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     66011030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      66011030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst      2333424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2333424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst      2333424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total      2333424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst      2333424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total      2333424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     68344454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68344454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     68344454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     68344454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     68344454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     68344454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2332912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total         2332912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements              2332912                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                15503                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               15503                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              545175                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             545175                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        24718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        48986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1121356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        24718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13079                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        38409                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34240968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34240968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34279377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.600000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7049619813904001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.600000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.975000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4825665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4825665                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536185                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536185                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536169                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               14456.413863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                  21481963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 1797816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                   11.948922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    914.179953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker   113.090483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker   108.281515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   5239.701533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   8081.160380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.055797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.006902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.006609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.319806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.493235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.882349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015686                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859924                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                44880164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               44880164                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      1076222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker      1851165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total               2927387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1625138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1625138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5751431                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        5751431                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          1433                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1433                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          465                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              465                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         308882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              308882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      5602135                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          5602135                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      1619048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1619048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        94487                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total           94487                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      1076222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker      1851165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           5602135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data           1927930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total               10457452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      1076222                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker      1851165                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          5602135                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data          1927930                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total              10457452                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                5615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        52891                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            52891                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        58523                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          58523                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       595542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            595542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst       149920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         149920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       885825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        885825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        32722                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total         32722                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst          149920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         1481367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              1636902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3477                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2138                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst         149920                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        1481367                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             1636902                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      1079699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker      1853303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total           2933002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1625138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1625138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5751431                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5751431                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        54324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          54324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        58988                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        58988                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       904424                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total          904424                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      5752055                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      5752055                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      2504873                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2504873                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data       127209                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       127209                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      1079699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker      1853303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       5752055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       3409297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total           12094354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      1079699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker      1853303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      5752055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      3409297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total          12094354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.973621                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.973621                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.992117                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992117                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.658477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.658477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.026064                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.026064                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.353641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.353641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.257230                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.257230                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.026064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.434508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.135344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.026064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.434508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.135344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             634648                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  634648                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      1512561                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse               10102.696224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                    655010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                   98813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                    6.628784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1168.184095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    48.230345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    75.641941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   3509.265784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   5301.374059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.071300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.002944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.004617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.214189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.323570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.616620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008667                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839661                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 1425691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                1425691                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        27444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        28709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 56153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        81692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total          81692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       125143                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         125143                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data            74                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 74                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          15805                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total               15805                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       104920                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           104920                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data        85122                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           85122                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         2084                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2084                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        27444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        28709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            104920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            100927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                 262000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        27444                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        28709                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           104920                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           100927                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                262000                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         2604                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2604                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         4574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        10613                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             10613                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        20741                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20741                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        54478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         54478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data         8009                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total          8009                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           20741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data           65091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                86690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          377                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          20741                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data          65091                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               86690                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        27925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        29086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             57011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        81692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        81692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       125143                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       125143                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2678                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2678                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         4696                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4696                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data        26418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total           26418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       125661                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       125661                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       139600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       139600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        10093                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        10093                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        27925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        29086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        125661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        166018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total             348690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        27925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        29086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       125661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total            348690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.017225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.015050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.972367                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.972367                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.974020                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974020                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.401734                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.401734                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.165055                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.165055                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.390244                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.390244                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.793520                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.793520                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.017225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.165055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.392072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.017225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.165055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.392072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              17565                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   17565                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                        70901                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               14667.473445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                   1018236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                  118850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                    8.567404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            7049619649848500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2211.651478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    68.540635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    76.332178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   5530.567578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   6780.381577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.134988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.004183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.337559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.413842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.895232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009216                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923279                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                 2178218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses                2178218                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        17397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        65106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 82503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       113616                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total         113616                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       269755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total         269755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           127                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total                127                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          16914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total               16914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       235264                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           235264                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       104270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          104270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         3614                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3614                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        17397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        65106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            235264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data            121184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                 438951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        17397                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        65106                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           235264                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data           121184                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                438951                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         4533                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4533                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         3883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           3883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        15327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             15327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        35026                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          35026                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        50891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         50891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        10571                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total         10571                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           35026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data           66218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total               102021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          499                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          278                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          35026                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data          66218                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total              102021                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        17896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        65384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             83280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       113616                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       113616                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       269755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total       269755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         4660                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4660                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         4105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        32241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total           32241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       270290                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       270290                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       155161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       155161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        14185                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        14185                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        17896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        65384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        270290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        187402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total             540972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        17896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        65384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       270290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       187402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total            540972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.027883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.972747                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.972747                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.945920                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.945920                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.475388                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.475388                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.129587                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.129587                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.327988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.327988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.745224                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.745224                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.027883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.129587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.353347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.188588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.027883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.129587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.353347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.188588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              22827                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   22827                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                        85597                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               11630.020298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                   4535872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                  661512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                    6.856825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1790.006482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    46.172920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    50.466192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   3987.255633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   5756.119071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.109253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.002818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.243363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.351326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.709840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005798                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613831                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                10683176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses               10683176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        89514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       146557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                236071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       920005                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total         920005                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1256240                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total        1256240                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          5758                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total               5758                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          230                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              230                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          61414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total               61414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst      1227894                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1227894                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       446242                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          446242                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         3174                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3174                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        89514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       146557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst           1227894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data            507656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                1971621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        89514                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       146557                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst          1227894                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data           507656                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total               1971621                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         6918                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6918                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         5577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        55033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             55033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        33867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          33867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        87911                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         87911                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data       473139                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total        473139                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           33867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data          142944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total               178982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1598                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          573                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          33867                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data         142944                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total              178982                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        91112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       147130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total            238242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       920005                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       920005                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1256240                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1256240                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        12676                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          12676                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         5807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       116447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total          116447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst      1261761                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1261761                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       534153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       534153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data       476313                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       476313                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        91112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       147130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst       1261761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        650600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total            2150603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        91112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       147130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst      1261761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       650600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total           2150603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.017539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.545756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.545756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.960393                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.960393                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.472601                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.472601                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.026841                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.026841                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.164580                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164580                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.993336                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.993336                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.017539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.026841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.219711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.083224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.017539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.026841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.219711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.083224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks             542851                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                  542851                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                       624760                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               13482.894727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                   9249217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  419040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   22.072396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1295.758437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    91.832411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    94.760529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   4853.725516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   7146.817834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.079087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.296248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.436207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.822931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010132                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882446                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                18972834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses               18972834                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       508891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       863818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total               1372709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       516540                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total         516540                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2719016                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total        2719016                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           175                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                175                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          241                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              241                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         149998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              149998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      2639231                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          2639231                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       774718                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          774718                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        58496                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total           58496                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       508891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       863818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst           2639231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data            924716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                4936656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       508891                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       863818                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst          2639231                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data           924716                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               4936656                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        23357                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            23357                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        31063                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          31063                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        30407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             30407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        80304                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          80304                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       190982                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        190982                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        16364                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total         16364                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           80304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          221389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               304567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          829                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          80304                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         221389                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              304567                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       510936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       864647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total           1375583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       516540                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       516540                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2719016                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2719016                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        23532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          23532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        31304                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        31304                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       180405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          180405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      2719535                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2719535                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       965700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       965700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        74860                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        74860                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       510936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       864647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst       2719535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data       1146105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            5241223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       510936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       864647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      2719535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      1146105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           5241223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.992563                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992563                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.992301                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992301                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.168549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.168549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.029529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.197765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.197765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.218595                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.218595                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.193166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.058110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.029529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.193166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.058110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              53143                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   53143                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       273031                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               11564.999684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                    437545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                   60447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                    7.238490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            7049633429749500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2162.294676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    68.814446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    65.097091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   3792.216713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   5476.576758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.131976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.004200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.231459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.334264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.705872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009277                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796204                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                  948325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                 948325                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         6316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        23854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 30170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        58008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total          58008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        98428                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total          98428                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          1403                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1403                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data           9498                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                9498                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        84062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            84062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        51806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           51806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         3934                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3934                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         6316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        23854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             84062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data             61304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                 175536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         6316                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        23854                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            84062                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data            61304                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                175536                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         2653                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2653                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         3722                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           3722                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         5638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total              5638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        14889                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          14889                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        28329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         28329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         6124                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total          6124                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           14889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data           33967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                49453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          347                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          250                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          14889                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data          33967                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               49453                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         6663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        24104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             30767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        58008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        58008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        98428                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total        98428                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         4056                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4056                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3885                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3885                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        15136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total           15136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        98951                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        98951                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        80135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        80135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        10058                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        10058                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         6663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        24104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         98951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         95271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total             224989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         6663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        24104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        98951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        95271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total            224989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.052079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.010372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.019404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.654093                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.654093                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.958044                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.958044                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.372489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.372489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.150468                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.150468                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.353516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.353516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.608869                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.608869                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.052079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.010372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.150468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.356530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.219802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.052079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.010372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.150468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.356530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.219802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              10709                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   10709                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                        35238                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               12160.025354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                   1038195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                  144611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    7.179226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1569.744376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    57.726736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    79.629311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   4156.858904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   6296.066028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.095810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.004860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.253715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.384281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.742189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13632                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13632                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                 2248225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                2248225                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        42615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        49586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 92201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       132506                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total         132506                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       201894                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         201894                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           145                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                145                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          184                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              184                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          26317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total               26317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       173376                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           173376                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       136478                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          136478                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         4492                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4492                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        42615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        49586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            173376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data            162795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                 428372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        42615                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        49586                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           173376                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data           162795                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                428372                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         2326                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2326                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         6983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data        14726                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total             14726                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        29035                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          29035                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        79236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         79236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        12810                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12810                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           29035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data           93962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total               124038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          543                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          29035                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data          93962                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total              124038                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        43158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        50084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             93242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       132506                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       132506                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       201894                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       201894                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2471                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2471                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7167                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7167                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        41043                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total           41043                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       202411                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       202411                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       215714                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       215714                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        17302                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17302                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        43158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        50084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        202411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        256757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total             552410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        43158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        50084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       202411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       256757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total            552410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.012582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.009943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.941319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.941319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.974327                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974327                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.358794                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.358794                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.143446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.143446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.367320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.367320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.740377                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.740377                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.012582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.009943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.143446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.365957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.224540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.012582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.009943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.143446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.365957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.224540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              28348                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   28348                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                       112278                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               13882.684701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                   1078401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                  131303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                    8.213072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2722.493801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    76.093391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    75.653898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   4558.173451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   6450.270159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.166168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.004644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.278209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.393693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.847332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010498                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.881042                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 2321739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                2321739                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        26343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        54762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 81105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       124566                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total         124566                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       262858                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         262858                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           449                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                449                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data          21909                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total               21909                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       233758                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           233758                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       120701                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          120701                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         2380                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2380                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        26343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        54762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            233758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data            142610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                 457473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        26343                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        54762                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           233758                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data           142610                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                457473                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         7556                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total             7556                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         5509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        16396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             16396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        29620                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          29620                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        63787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         63787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        15953                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total         15953                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           29620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data           80183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total               110851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          550                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          29620                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data          80183                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total              110851                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        26893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        55260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             82153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       124566                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       124566                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       262858                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       262858                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         8005                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           8005                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         5702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        38305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total           38305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       263378                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       263378                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       184488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       184488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        18333                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        18333                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        26893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        55260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        263378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        222793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total             568324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        26893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        55260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       263378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       222793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total            568324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.020451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.009012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.943910                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.943910                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.966152                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.966152                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.428038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.428038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.112462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.112462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.345751                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.345751                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.870179                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.870179                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.020451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.112462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.359899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.195049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.020451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.112462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.359899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.195049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              24853                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   24853                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                        91087                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               12879.089453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                  18560027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                 3500375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                    5.302297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    645.085035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    58.745341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    62.558661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   2525.110581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   9587.589834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.039373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.003586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.154121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.585180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.786077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14638                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14638                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006897                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.893433                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                40992155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses               40992155                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      7212461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       106181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total               7318642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       969482                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total         969482                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       772134                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total         772134                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          2262                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2262                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data         105586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total              105586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       703198                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           703198                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data      1454743                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1454743                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         5138                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5138                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      7212461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       106181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst            703198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data           1560329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                9582169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      7212461                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       106181                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst           703198                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data          1560329                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total               9582169                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        55974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               57499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         6821                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6821                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         5827                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5827                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data       389329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total            389329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        69454                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          69454                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data      2786216                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2786216                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data       169629                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total        169629                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        55974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           69454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data         3175545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total              3302498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        55974                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1525                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          69454                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data        3175545                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total             3302498                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      7268435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       107706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total           7376141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       969482                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       969482                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       772134                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total       772134                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         9083                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           9083                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         5990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       494915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total          494915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       772652                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       772652                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data      4240959                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4240959                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data       174767                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       174767                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      7268435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       107706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        772652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       4735874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total           12884667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      7268435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       107706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst       772652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      4735874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total          12884667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.750963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.750963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.972788                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972788                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.786658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.786658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.089890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.089890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.656978                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.656978                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.970601                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.970601                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.089890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.670530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.256312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.089890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.670530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.256312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks             631798                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                  631798                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                      3460311                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               11938.039842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                    573767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                   78370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                    7.321258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2342.708268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    92.326966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    65.642440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   4132.148945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   5305.213224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.142988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.005635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.252206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.323805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.728640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010803                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.780945                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 1242314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                1242314                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        11164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        31539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 42703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        78008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total          78008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       126837                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         126837                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          1707                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1707                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          11847                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total               11847                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       108591                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           108591                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        69994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           69994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         4129                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4129                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        11164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        31539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            108591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data             81841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                 233135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        11164                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        31539                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           108591                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data            81841                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                233135                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         3166                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3166                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         4050                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4050                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         8393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total              8393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        18770                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          18770                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        36974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         36974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         7894                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total          7894                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           18770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data           45367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                64831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          489                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          18770                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data          45367                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               64831                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        11653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        31744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             43397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        78008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        78008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       126837                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       126837                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         4873                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4873                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         4236                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4236                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        20240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total           20240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       127361                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       127361                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       106968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       106968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        12023                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12023                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        11653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        31744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        127361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        127208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total             297966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        11653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        31744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       127361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       127208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total            297966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.041963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.015992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.649702                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.649702                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.956091                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.956091                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.414674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.414674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.147376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.147376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.345655                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.345655                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.656575                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.656575                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.041963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.147376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.356636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.217579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.041963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.147376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.356636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.217579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              15340                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   15340                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                        50940                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                8570.723603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                    600556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                   58899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                   10.196370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            10891352697607500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    762.698144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    42.079870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    53.257325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   3370.990620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   4341.697644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.046551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.002568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.003251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.205749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.264996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.523115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008850                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.786743                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                 1269645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                1269645                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        18273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        28180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 46453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        59294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total          59294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       162766                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         162766                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data          11423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total               11423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       147023                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           147023                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        63565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           63565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data          603                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total             603                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        18273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        28180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            147023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data             74988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                 268464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        18273                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        28180                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           147023                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data            74988                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                268464                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         1686                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1686                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         1339                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1339                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         8077                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total              8077                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        16256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          16256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data        27857                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         27857                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         4209                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4209                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           16256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data           35934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                52733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          320                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          223                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst          16256                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data          35934                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               52733                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        18593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        28403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             46996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        59294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        59294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       162766                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       162766                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         1722                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1722                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         1381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data        19500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total           19500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       163279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       163279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        91422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        91422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         4812                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         4812                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        18593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        28403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        163279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        110922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total             321197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        18593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        28403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       163279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data       110922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total            321197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.007851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.979094                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.979094                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.969587                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969587                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.414205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.414205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.099560                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.099560                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.304708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.304708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.874688                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.874688                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.007851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.099560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.323957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.164177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.007851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.099560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.323957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.164177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               9702                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    9702                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                        39321                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               10737.528457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                    210011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                   35598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                    5.899517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            7049629608395000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1204.430806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    58.204975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    63.284969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   4259.589316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   5152.018391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.073513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.003553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.259985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.314454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.655367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007446                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761108                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                  461118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                 461118                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 15126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total          27855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        48279                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total          48279                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           3585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                3585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst        38252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            38252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        21446                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           21446                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data          443                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total             443                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             38252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data             25031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  78409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4480                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10646                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            38252                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data            25031                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 78409                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         1354                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1354                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         1669                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1669                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         5571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total              5571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        10541                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          10541                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        15550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         15550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         2629                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2629                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           10541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data           21121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                31968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          10541                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data          21121                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               31968                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             15432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        48279                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total        48279                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1817                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1817                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1759                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total            9156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst        48793                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        48793                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        36996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        36996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3072                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         3072                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         48793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         46152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total             110377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        48793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        46152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total            110377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.036973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.019829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.745184                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.745184                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.948835                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.948835                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.608453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.608453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.216035                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.216035                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.420316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.420316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.855794                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.855794                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.036973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.216035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.457640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.289626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.036973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.216035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.457640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.289626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               3963                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    3963                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                        15791                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               12911.648073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                    969420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                  141484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                    6.851799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            7049629904281000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2126.134778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    57.042185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    73.054199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   4410.954576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   6244.462335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.129769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.003482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.004459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.269223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.381132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.788064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009277                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 2108790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                2108790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        32740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        45339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 78079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       129150                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total         129150                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       192935                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         192935                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          1279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data          22207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total               22207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       164062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           164062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       124138                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          124138                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         3879                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3879                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        32740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            164062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data            146345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                 388486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        32740                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        45339                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           164062                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data           146345                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                388486                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         4674                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4674                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         7427                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           7427                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        14641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total             14641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        29396                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          29396                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        76374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         76374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        14046                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total         14046                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           29396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data           91015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total               121246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          508                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          327                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          29396                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data          91015                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total              121246                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        33248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        45666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             78914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       129150                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       129150                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       192935                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       192935                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         5953                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           5953                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         7680                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7680                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        36848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total           36848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       193458                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       193458                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       200512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       200512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        17925                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17925                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        33248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        45666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        193458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        237360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total             509732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        33248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        45666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       193458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       237360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total            509732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.785150                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.785150                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.967057                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967057                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.397335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.397335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.151950                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.151950                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.380895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.783598                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.783598                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.151950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.383447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.237862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.151950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.383447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.237862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              27759                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   27759                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                       104785                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               12687.690122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                   1371291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                   81073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   16.914275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1348.720084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   108.130932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   124.508574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5354.700768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   5751.629763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.082319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.326825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.351052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.774395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013245                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                 2835109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses                2835109                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        65334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       122027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                187361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        89013                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total          89013                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       399390                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total         399390                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           817                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                817                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          23788                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total               23788                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       377524                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           377524                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       115626                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          115626                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data         7958                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total            7958                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        65334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       122027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            377524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data            139414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                 704299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        65334                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       122027                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           377524                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data           139414                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                704299                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         4537                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4537                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         4393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         7107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total              7107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        22380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          22380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        33886                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         33886                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         4409                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4409                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           22380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data           40993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                64324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          579                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          372                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          22380                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data          40993                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               64324                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        65913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       122399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total            188312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        89013                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        89013                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       399390                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total       399390                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         5354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           5354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         4466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        30895                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total           30895                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       399904                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       399904                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       149512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       149512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        12367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        65913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       122399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        399904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        180407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total             768623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        65913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       122399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       399904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       180407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total            768623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.003039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.847404                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.847404                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.983654                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983654                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.230037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.230037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.055963                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.055963                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.226644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.226644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.356513                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.356513                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.003039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.055963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.227225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.083687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.003039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.055963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.227225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.083687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              10689                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   10689                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                        45660                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse                7498.031091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                  81446164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                 1906415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   42.722159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1528.978889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    40.927262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    69.845397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   3164.502855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   2693.776687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.093321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.002498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.193146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.164415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.457643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.456055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses               165027903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses              165027903                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      1339203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      8463070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total               9802273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4067362                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        4067362                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     28025355                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total       28025355                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data        1233920                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total             1233920                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     27440393                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         27440393                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      5515758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5515758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       325733                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total          325733                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      1339203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      8463070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst          27440393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           6749678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               43992344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      1339203                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      8463070                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         27440393                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          6749678                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              43992344                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        43688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        31655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               75343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        76454                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            76454                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        55837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          55837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data       110859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total            110859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       585474                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         585474                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       539424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        539424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        81146                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total         81146                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        43688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        31655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          585474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          650283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total              1311100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        43688                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        31655                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         585474                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         650283                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total             1311100                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1382891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      8494725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total           9877616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4067362                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4067362                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     28025355                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total     28025355                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        76454                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          76454                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        55837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        55837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1344779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1344779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     28025867                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     28025867                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      6055182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6055182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       406879                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       406879                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1382891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      8494725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst      28025867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       7399961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           45303444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1382891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      8494725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst     28025867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      7399961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          45303444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.031592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.082437                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.082437                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.020890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.020890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.199435                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.199435                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.031592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.020890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.087877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.028940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.031592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.020890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.087877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.028940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             284850                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  284850                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                      1391161                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               13675.809341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                   7491759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                  237744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   31.511874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1147.041871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker   122.612982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker   140.863201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   5852.634158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   6412.657130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.070010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.007484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.357216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.391398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.834705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015747                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.874268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                15249242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses               15249242                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       366783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       722400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total               1089183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       381371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total         381371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2332906                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total        2332906                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data            23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data         111081                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total              111081                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst      2279301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          2279301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       589132                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          589132                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        35984                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total           35984                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       366783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       722400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst           2279301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data            700213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                4068697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       366783                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       722400                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst          2279301                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data           700213                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total               4068697                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        25159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        22335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          22335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        21114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             21114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        54123                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          54123                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       102419                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        102419                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         7720                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total          7720                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           54123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data          123533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total               180235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1864                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          54123                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data         123533                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total              180235                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       368647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       723115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total           1091762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       381371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       381371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2332906                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2332906                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        25182                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          25182                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        22456                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22456                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       132195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total          132195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst      2333424                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2333424                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       691551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       691551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        43704                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        43704                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       368647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       723115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst       2333424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        823746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total            4248932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       368647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       723115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst      2333424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       823746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total           4248932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.999087                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999087                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.994612                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994612                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.159719                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.159719                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.023195                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.023195                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.148100                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148100                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.176643                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.176643                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.023195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.149965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.042419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.023195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.149965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.042419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              22724                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   22724                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                       120128                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      17785059                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7636887                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3574406                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               44499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6461550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              32982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             32982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2874553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5335108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           247217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         222711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          469928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1288245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1288245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6417051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1400174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1400174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        32686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5035125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total      5091755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       272323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total       273267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       324350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total       328428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1946837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total      1962505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       982202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total       996034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       157899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       158557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       400964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       401616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       367746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       370472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10404492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total     10417232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       208731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       209413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       157433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total       160697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total        91070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       396661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total       398099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       196286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       198310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4235588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      4261088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       574953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total       588337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               27515419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34314816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34314816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        65372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    145186816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    145272260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total      6657210                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1811                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7955712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total      7960587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7842                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     46149632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total     46172646                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        27520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22848192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     22875754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3831744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total      3833060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9731392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total      9732696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          767                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8624256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total      8628791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         5608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    251664576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total    251675980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total      5097300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3970816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total      3973621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2291200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total      2292225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9499200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total      9502076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4789888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total      4793936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        51000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    101576256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total    101627256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12924480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total     12950483                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               677360697                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9652879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.226744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            3.089046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6659477     68.99%     68.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1619156     16.77%     85.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  227692      2.36%     88.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  184283      1.91%     90.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                  130164      1.35%     91.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                   82985      0.86%     92.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   72133      0.75%     92.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   66737      0.69%     93.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   57708      0.60%     94.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   58520      0.61%     94.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  58089      0.60%     95.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  58597      0.61%     96.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  58628      0.61%     96.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  99336      1.03%     97.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                 120626      1.25%     98.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                  98748      1.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9652879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18647767                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9357577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          141                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       325337                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       325337                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq          2974969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp        11231898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq           10811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp          10811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1625138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5751544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1829757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         54324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        58988                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       113312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq         904424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp        904424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      5752056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2504873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       127209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       127209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     17255656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     10814489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      3717528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2197402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            33985075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    736230400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    322289284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side     14870112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      8789608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total           1082179404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       2983196                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                40617472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples       15250128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.023821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.152490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0             14886860     97.62%     97.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               363268      2.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total         15250128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests       619790                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       316931                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       122127                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       122127                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq            65697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp          330958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq             163                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp            163                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        81692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       125149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict         90461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         7374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq          26418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp         26418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       125661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       139600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        10093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        10093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       376471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       542243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        63762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        67014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             1049490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     16051840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     15855226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       255048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       268056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total             32430170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                        757585                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 1124160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        1126106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.119350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.324200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0               991705     88.06%     88.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               134401     11.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          1126106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests       962312                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       486178                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           42                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       124648                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       124648                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq            91633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp          517084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq             992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp            992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       113616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean       269778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict         82410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         8765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq          32241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp         32241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       270290                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       155161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side       810358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side       629512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       137016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side        44156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total             1621042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     34564352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     19270027                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       548064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       176624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total             54559067                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                        867281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                 1460928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples        1437007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.094783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.292915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0              1300803     90.52%     90.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               136204      9.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total          1437007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4843782                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2447998                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        15028                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       136299                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       136286                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq           275262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp         2071188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq            3441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp           3441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       920005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1261261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict        199194                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         12676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        18483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq         116447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp        116447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1261773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       534153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       476313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       476313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      3784807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      3439867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       299622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       242116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total             7766412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    161474176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    100541734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side      1198488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       968464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total            264182862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                       1344317                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                34742464                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples        4022330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.049819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.217586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0              3821954     95.02%     95.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               200363      4.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                   13      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total          4022330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests      7924193                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3982821                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           26                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       242080                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       242080                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq          1397286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         5082521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            2257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           2257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       516540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2719023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict        670441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         23532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        31304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        54836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         180405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        180405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2719535                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       965700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        74860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        74860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      8158093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      3754207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1740670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1044584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total            14697554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    348067712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    106436842                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      6962680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      4178336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            465645570                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       1240006                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 3401152                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        6578026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.040143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.196295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              6313963     95.99%     95.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               264063      4.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          6578026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests       428558                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224282                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           34                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       116374                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       116371                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq            44375                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp          223461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq              96                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp             96                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        58008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean        98439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict         44538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         7941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq          15136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp         15136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        98951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        80135                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        10058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        10058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       296341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       329744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        51888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        36396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total              714369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     12632960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      9811172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       207552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       145584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total             22797268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                        693153                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                  685376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples         945564                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.139349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.346319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0               813804     86.07%     86.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               131757     13.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                    3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total           945564                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests       973484                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       497017                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           22                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       114699                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       114699                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq           104456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp          522581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq             102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp            102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       132506                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       201899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict        138074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq          41043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp         41043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       202411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       215714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        17302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       606721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       838626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       108016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       100448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total             1653811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     25875840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     24914136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       432064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       401792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total             51623832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                        830452                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                 1814272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples        1416325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.091517                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.288343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0              1286707     90.85%     90.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               129618      9.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total          1416325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1031525                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       525302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       145153                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       145153                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq            93613                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp          541479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq             600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp            600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       124566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       262866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict        107449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          8005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        13707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq          38305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp         38305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       263378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       184488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        18333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        18333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       789622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       747863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       118394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        67306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total             1723185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     33679616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     22235511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       473576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       269224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total             56657927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                        871001                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                 1590592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        1465515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.110463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.313466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0              1303630     88.95%     88.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               161885     11.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          1465515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests     11410272                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5724332                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3714                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       149569                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       149515                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           54                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq          7400172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp        12413783                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq            3495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp           3495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       969482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean       772140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict       3933475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          9083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        15073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq         494915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp        494915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       772652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4240959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       174767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       174767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      2317444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     14772501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       219512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side     14575082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total            31884539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     98866688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    365154188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       878048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side     58300328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total            523199252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                       3957755                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                40435072                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples       17046355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.010997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.104319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0             16858951     98.90%     98.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               187350      1.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                   54      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total         17046355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests       558938                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       292346                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           35                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       120108                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       120108                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq            58099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp          292428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq             101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp            101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        78008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       126849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict         58052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq          20240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp         20240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       127361                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       106968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       381571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       433422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        68760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        46958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total              930711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     16269440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     13135188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       275040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       187832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total             29867500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                        787977                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                  981760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        1113771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.126122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.331987                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0               973300     87.39%     87.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               140471     12.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          1113771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests       612353                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       287147                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        72098                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        72098                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq            55220                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp          309921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq             906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp            906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        59294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       162767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict         54203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq          19500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp         19500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       163279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        91422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        46272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        46272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         4812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         4812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       489325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       446979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        61312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        47676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total             1045292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     20866944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     10896629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       245248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       190704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total             32199525                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                        472698                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                  620928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples         853749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.093472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.291094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0               773947     90.65%     90.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1                79802      9.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total           853749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests       206588                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       104795                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       106716                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       106716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq            18813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp          104602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq             160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp            160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean        48281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        48793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        36996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       145867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       161353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        22414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        14790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total              344424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      6212736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      4737473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        89656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        59160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total             11099025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                        624361                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                  253632                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples         745520                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.150499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.357560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0               633320     84.95%     84.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               112200     15.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total           745520                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests       930263                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       481553                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           32                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       120898                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       120898                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq           100413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp          494383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq             233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp            233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       129150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       192946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict        120299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          5953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        13633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq          36848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp         36848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       193458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       200512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        17925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       579862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       788723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       101146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        98708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total             1568439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     24729856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     23459516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       404584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       394832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total             48988788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                        831412                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 1776576                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples        1386319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.105619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.307350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0              1239897     89.44%     89.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               146422     10.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total          1386319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1198506                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       605833                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       109021                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       109020                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq           194540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp          743956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq             327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp            327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        89013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean       399392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict         97815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          5354                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq          30895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp         30895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       399904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       149512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      1199200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side       594040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       246486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       141224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total             2180950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     51154944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     17246928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       985944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       564896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total             69952712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                        798514                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                  684096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples        1585254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.074955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.263320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0              1466433     92.50%     92.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               118820      7.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total          1585254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     71683128                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     35852662                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       598009                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       598009                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq          9883322                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        43964371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            7044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           7044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4067362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean     28025355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       3625413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         76454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        55837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       132291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1344779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1344779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     28025867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6055182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       406879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       406879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     84077089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     23596537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     16989450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      2765782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total           127428858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   3587278208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    733959672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     67957800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     11063128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           4400258808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       2254418                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                18230400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       47901128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.012484                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.111033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             47303119     98.75%     98.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               598009      1.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         47901128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6420242                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3219583                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       218799                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       218799                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18846991589916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq          1097504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp         4122479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq            2254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp           2254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       381371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2332912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict        451203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         25182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        22456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        47638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq         132195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp        132195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2333424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       691551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        43704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        43704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      6999760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      2676134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      1447096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       739036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total            11862026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    298645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     77153491                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      5788384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      2956144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total            384543523                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                       1116315                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                 1454336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples        5400076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.041676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.199848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0              5175022     95.83%     95.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               225054      4.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total          5400076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
