
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               4174.454478                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4174454477710000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10921577532491000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2576193                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2829533                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           1353096168774                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4921564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3085.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  7947847113                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8729427291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker        79616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       5585984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      76528512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       106624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       1426112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       8141888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        19904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        15552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       1647808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       2577920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        30400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        14400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1984896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       4297856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        36288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1592896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       2346112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        11904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       1464320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       3274048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker      4087232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        81792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       4789952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data     172826432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker         5952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        800000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       1354880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        26432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       1986688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       3210496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker         5184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst        529280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       1225856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        22080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1177920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       3783936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        26176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1637952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       4774336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        19904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        13120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        956288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       2869568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       171712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       236480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       5302784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       5053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1071040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       858496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      16579456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      13603520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        90176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        88512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       4008128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       9817536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          374486912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      5585984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      1426112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      1647808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1984896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1592896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      1464320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      4789952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       800000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      1986688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst       529280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1177920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1637952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       956288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      5302784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     16579456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      4008128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      51470464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    179733696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       179733696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         1244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          87281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1195758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          22283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         127217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          25747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          40280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          31014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          67154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          24889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          36658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          22880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          51157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker        63863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker         1278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          74843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data        2700413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          12500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          21170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          31042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          50164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst           8270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          19154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          18405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          59124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          25593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          74599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          14942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          44837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         2683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker         3695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          82856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          78958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        16735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        13414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         259054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         212555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         1409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         1383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          62627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         153399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             5851358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2808339                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2808339                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           19                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            18333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             1950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             1030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker          979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst             1147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data            41401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data             1144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           57                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst             1270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data             1211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             3259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           21                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data             2352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 89709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst         1147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          282                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst         1270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           43056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                43056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           43056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           19                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           18333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            1950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            1030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker          979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst            1147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data           41401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data            1144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           57                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst            1270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data            1211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            3259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           21                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data            2352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               132765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         681270970762233                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           681270970762233                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10921577532491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         681270970762233                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           681270970762233                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10921577532491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         681270970762233                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           681270970762233                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10921577532491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         681270970762233                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           681270970762233                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10921577532491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                  135891                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong              135891                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       135891                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        135891    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       135891                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       133218     98.39%     98.39% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2027      1.50%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          154      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       135399                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       135891                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       135891                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       135399                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       135399                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       271290                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   18610628                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   128748                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  16913326                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    7143                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                   1043                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6041                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     414                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               18739376                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              16920469                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        35523954                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                        135891                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    35659845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  227209                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              227209                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       227209                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        227209    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       227209                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       225026     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1979      0.87%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       227005                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       227209                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       227209                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       227005                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       227005                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       454214                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                   83358587                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   227209                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    574                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses               83585796                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                        83358587                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        227209                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                    83585796                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              5903                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2952                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1414092828382.598145                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  6685318715630.004883                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          499     16.90%     16.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2245     76.05%     92.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.03%     92.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     93.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            2      0.07%     93.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.03%     93.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.07%     93.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.03%     93.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.03%     93.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          199      6.74%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2952                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   52448324570                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174402029385430                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   21783722754006                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   2952                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                  83576580                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   104889274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts              28949621                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            97266005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses             1166188                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   5044909                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts     11715847                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                   97266005                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                    1166188                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads         136404708                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         77651929                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads           1686926                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes          1025728                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           21103443                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          20635842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    35605414                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  18690681                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 16914733                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             21783449060868.460938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             273693137.536508                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                        17650220                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               49924      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                68128166     64.95%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                 171062      0.16%     65.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   52572      0.05%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                 166866      0.16%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                 356743      0.34%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                 199696      0.19%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                167837      0.16%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               18690681     17.82%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              16914733     16.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                104898286                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         475.574051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          35645488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2136798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           16.681730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   475.574051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.928856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        73429024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses       73429024                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     16915513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16915513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     15856478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15856478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       160469                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       160469                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         9677                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         9677                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       269488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       269488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       251918                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       251918                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     32781668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       32781668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     32942137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      32942137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      1352342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1352342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       713154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       713154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        26971                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        26971                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        60658                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        60658                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         5930                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5930                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        22875                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22875                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      2126154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      2126154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      2153125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      2153125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     18267855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18267855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     16569632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16569632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       187440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       187440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        70335                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        70335                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       275418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       275418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       274793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       274793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     34907822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34907822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     35095262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     35095262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.074029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.043040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.143891                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.143891                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.862416                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.862416                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.021531                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021531                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.083244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.083244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.060908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.061351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       985461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          985461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              2097786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs          83585592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2140308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.053067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses       169311492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses      169311492                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst     81445284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      81445284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst     81445284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       81445284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst     81445284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      81445284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      2140308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2140308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      2140308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      2140308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      2140308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      2140308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst     83585592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83585592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst     83585592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     83585592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst     83585592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     83585592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.025606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.025606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.025606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2139796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         2139796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              2139796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   38910                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               38910                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38910                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38910    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38910                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31378     99.52%     99.52% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           38      0.12%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          113      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31529                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        38910                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38910                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        31529                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31529                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        70439                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                  359378879                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    22738                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                 355418283                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                   16172                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                     73                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  713                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      47                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses              359401617                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses             355434455                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       714797162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         38910                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   714836072                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   41023                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               41023                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        41023                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         41023    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        41023                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40750     99.69%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          128      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40878                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        41023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        41023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        81901                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                 6694430340                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    41023                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                     43                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses             6694471363                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                      6694430340                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         41023                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                  6694471363                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               441                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          221                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   18872492783676.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  35199554864340.015625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           76     34.39%     34.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           93     42.08%     76.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.45%     76.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           51     23.08%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 90673155356500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           221                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3633572517576                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4170820905192424                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8289396675611                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    221                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                6694463393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                  7267137151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts            6659398586                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses          6570828314                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               13207                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                 460539286                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    739582333                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                 6570828314                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      13207                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        9421742012                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes       4554700072                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             13329                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             3511                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads        21684449890                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes        4678077636                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   737616220                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 382749118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                354867102                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8282181331879.593750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             7215343731.406342                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000870                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999130                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                      1182100718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 124      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              6463370228     88.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult               61592335      0.85%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   19984      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    381      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                    814      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                    496      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                   352      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4544038      0.06%     89.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              382749118      5.27%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             354867086      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total               7267144976                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         423.831268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         714809116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1052937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          678.871686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   423.831268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.827795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.689453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1430690113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1430690113                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data    358218716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     358218716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data    354198175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    354198175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data       113533                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       113533                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          684                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          684                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       607820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       607820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       607349                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       607349                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    712417575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      712417575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    712531108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     712531108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       449463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       449463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       138989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       138989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         5656                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5656                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       466524                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       466524                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          906                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          906                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         1301                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1301                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1054976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1054976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1060632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1060632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data    358668179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    358668179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data    354337164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    354337164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data       119189                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       119189                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       467208                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       467208                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       608726                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       608726                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       608650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       608650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    713472551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    713472551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    713591740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    713591740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.047454                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.047454                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.998536                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.998536                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001488                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001488                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002138                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       900479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          900479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1048438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.898519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs        6694471218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1016600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         6585.157602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.898519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13389959036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses    13389959036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst   6693454618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6693454618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst   6693454618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total     6693454618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst   6693454618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total    6693454618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst      1016600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1016600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst      1016600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total      1016600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst      1016600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total      1016600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst   6694471218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6694471218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst   6694471218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total   6694471218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst   6694471218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total   6694471218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1016088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total         1016088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements              1016088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                    5449                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong                5449                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5449                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5449    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5449                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1103614524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1103614524    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1103614524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5074     98.28%     98.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           69      1.34%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5163                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         5449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        10612                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    2492676                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                     4837                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   1901532                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                     612                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    804                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  226                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                2497513                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               1902144                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                         4394208                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                          5449                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                     4399657                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   17022                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               17022                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17022                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17022    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17022                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1103920524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1103920524    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1103920524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16852     99.47%     99.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           90      0.53%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16942                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        17022                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17022                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        16942                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16942                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   11344876                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    17022                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    632                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               11361898                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        11344876                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         17022                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    11361898                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               673                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          337                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   11309912100376.136719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  28664808026341.808594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          178     52.82%     52.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          110     32.64%     85.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.30%     85.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           48     14.24%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           337                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363014099883242                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811440377826758                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21782858760888                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    337                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  11360432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    13439069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts               4264371                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            12359517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               98269                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                    650673                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      1710476                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   12359517                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      98269                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          17153108                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          9799349                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            140998                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            84833                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            3066879                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           3009234                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     4390855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   2489576                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  1901279                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21782823693910.929688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             35066977.072309                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         2494097                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                4099      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 8947720     66.57%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  20891      0.16%     66.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                    3269      0.02%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  14014      0.10%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  29258      0.22%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  16396      0.12%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 13936      0.10%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                2489576     18.52%     85.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               1901279     14.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 13440455                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         323.890919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           4397401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          140222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.360279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110130434454000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   323.890919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.632599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.632599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.646484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         8936190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses        8936190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      2306130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2306130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      1807922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1807922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        36437                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        36437                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         1769                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1769                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        50640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        49026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        49026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      4115821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4115821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      4152258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4152258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data        99043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        99043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        27847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         3771                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3771                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        11848                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11848                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data          702                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          702                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         2209                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2209                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       138738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       138738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       142509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       142509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      2405173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2405173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1835769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1835769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        40208                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        40208                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        13617                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13617                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        51342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        51342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        51235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        51235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      4254559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4254559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      4294767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4294767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.041179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.093787                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.093787                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.870089                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.870089                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.043115                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043115                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.032609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.033182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        81302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           81302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               135095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         467.476863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          11361818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          201407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           56.412230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110130434449000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   467.476863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.913041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        22925043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       22925043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     11160411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11160411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     11160411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11160411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     11160411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11160411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       201407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       201407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       201407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       201407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       201407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       201407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     11361818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11361818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     11361818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11361818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     11361818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11361818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.017727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.017727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.017727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       200895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          200895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               200895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   11043                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               11043                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11043                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11043    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11043                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -982084272                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -982084272    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -982084272                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9393     98.74%     98.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           98      1.03%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           22      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9513                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        11043                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11043                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9513                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9513                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20556                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    4638758                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    10184                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   2752282                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                     859                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    426                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  252                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     194                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                4648942                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               2753141                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                         7391040                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         11043                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                     7402083                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   16666                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               16666                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16666                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16666    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16666                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1031207772                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1031207772    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1031207772                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16409     99.76%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           40      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16449                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        16666                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16666                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        16449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33115                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                   20634546                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    16666                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    177                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses               20651212                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                        20634546                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         16666                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                    20651212                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               609                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          305                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   13686696935501.019531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  210530935613691.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          131     42.95%     42.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          152     49.84%     92.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.33%     93.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.33%     93.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.33%     93.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           19      6.23%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3660222164983500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           305                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   11912382189                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174442565327811                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21783738757321                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    305                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                  20648484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                    23822142                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts               9419728                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            21716156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               25339                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                    921956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      3872496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                   21716156                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      25339                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          29699864                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes         17298307                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             27455                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            15278                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            6579495                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           6534900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     7382421                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   4629865                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  2752556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21783676594467.113281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             62162853.884445                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         4987487                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 625      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                16380583     68.75%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  43247      0.18%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                    7873      0.03%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   1809      0.01%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                   3763      0.02%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   2500      0.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  1830      0.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                4629865     19.43%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               2752556     11.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                 23824653                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         302.372516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs           7398590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          221644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.380511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   302.372516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.590571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.590571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15020616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15020616                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      4314575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4314575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      2606065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2606065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        71186                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        71186                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         1744                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1744                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        89721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        89721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        86750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        86750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data      6922384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        6922384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data      6993570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       6993570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       166977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       166977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        37115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        37115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         3893                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3893                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        16210                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16210                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         3577                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3577                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       220302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       220302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       224195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       224195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      4481552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4481552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      2643180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2643180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        75079                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        75079                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        17954                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17954                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        90498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        90498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        90327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        90327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data      7142686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7142686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      7217765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7217765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.037259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.014042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.051852                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.051852                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.902863                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.902863                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.008586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.039601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.030843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.031062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       118289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          118289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               216907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         484.172871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs          20650995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          204735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          100.866950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   484.172871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.945650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        41506725                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       41506725                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst     20446260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      20446260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst     20446260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       20446260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst     20446260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      20446260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       204735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       204735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       204735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       204735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       204735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       204735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     20650995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20650995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst     20650995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     20650995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst     20650995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     20650995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.009914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.009914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.009914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       204223                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          204223                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               204223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   15815                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               15815                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        15815                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         15815    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        15815                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13173     98.51%     98.51% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          191      1.43%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            8      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13372                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        15815                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        15815                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        13372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        29187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    4195629                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    14871                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   2391236                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                     944                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    234                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  379                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     115                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                4210500                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               2392180                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         6586865                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         15815                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     6602680                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   27412                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               27412                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        27412                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         27412    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        27412                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        27095     99.47%     99.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          143      0.53%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        27238                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        27412                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        27412                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        27238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        27238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        54650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   19607906                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    27412                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                     65                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               19635318                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        19607906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         27412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    19635318                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions               639                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          320                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   13045135363205.886719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  205830331584070.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           91     28.44%     28.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          212     66.25%     94.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.31%     95.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.31%     95.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           15      4.69%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3680480642510500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           320                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   11161484116                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174443316225884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21783746757390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    320                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  19631349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    22319150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               8563521                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            19985010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              101918                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                    894521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      4262032                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   19985010                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     101918                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          27385372                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         15711408                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            141615                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            85235                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            6834120                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           6790353                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     6589694                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   4198038                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  2391656                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21783688512959.050781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             58244430.950290                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         5311675                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                4099      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                15617166     69.96%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  35220      0.16%     70.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                    4861      0.02%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  13409      0.06%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  28562      0.13%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  16396      0.07%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 13538      0.06%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                4198038     18.81%     89.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               2391656     10.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 22322945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         378.854795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           6599445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          189388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.846162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   378.854795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.739951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.739951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13388278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13388278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      3918331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3918331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      2260601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2260601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        64656                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        64656                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         1864                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1864                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        79236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        79236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        74890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        74890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      6180796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        6180796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      6245452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       6245452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       140458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       140458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        33838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        33838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         4255                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4255                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        15494                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15494                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         4993                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4993                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       189790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       189790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       194045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       194045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      4058789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4058789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      2294439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2294439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        68911                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        68911                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        17358                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17358                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        80065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        80065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        79883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        79883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      6370586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6370586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      6439497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6439497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.034606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014748                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014748                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.061746                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.061746                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.892614                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.892614                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.010354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.062504                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062504                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.029792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.030134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       100459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          100459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               184674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.463382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          19635144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          272128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           72.154075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.463382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        39542416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       39542416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     19363016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      19363016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     19363016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       19363016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     19363016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      19363016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       272128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       272128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       272128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       272128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       272128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       272128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     19635144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19635144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     19635144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     19635144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     19635144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     19635144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.013859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.013859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.013859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       271616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          271616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               271616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    9088                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                9088                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9088                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9088    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9088                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1933849136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1933849136    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1933849136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8034     98.70%     98.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           85      1.04%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           21      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8140                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9088                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9088                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8140                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8140                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17228                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                    3778326                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     8336                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                   2242102                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     752                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    361                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  138                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     168                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                3786662                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses               2242854                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         6020428                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          9088                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     6029516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   13171                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               13171                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13171                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13171    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13171                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1933844136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1933844136    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1933844136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12946     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           43      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12989                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13171                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13171                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12989                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12989                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26160                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                   16379467                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    13171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses               16392638                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                        16379467                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         13171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                    16392638                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               429                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          215                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   17727552675442.097656                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  253763875337080.281250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          103     47.91%     47.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          108     50.23%     98.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.47%     98.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.40%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3720726344662000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           215                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363030652489949                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811423825220051                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21783698763920                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    215                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                  16390637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                    19015191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts               8242700                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            17431845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               41851                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    717308                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      2906991                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                   17431845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      41851                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          23762507                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes         13917735                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             54628                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            33338                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            5018019                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           4964560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     6014719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   3772379                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                  2242340                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21783649145086.414062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             49618833.585633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                         3792834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                1593      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                12928829     67.99%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  38511      0.20%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                    6952      0.04%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   4907      0.03%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                  10176      0.05%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   6372      0.03%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  4945      0.03%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                3772379     19.84%     88.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite               2242340     11.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                 19017010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         344.390672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           6026298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          178485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.763610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110144198718000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   344.390672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.672638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.672638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.744141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        12234409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses       12234409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data      3519968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3519968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data      2123476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2123476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        55551                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        55551                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         1527                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        71923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        71923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        68116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        68116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      5644971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5644971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      5700522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5700522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       134539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       134539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        30072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        30072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         2994                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2994                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        13166                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13166                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         4315                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4315                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       177777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       177777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       180771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       180771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data      3654507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3654507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data      2153548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2153548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        58545                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        58545                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        14693                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14693                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        72574                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72574                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        72431                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        72431                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      5822748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5822748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      5881293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5881293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.036815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.051140                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.051140                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.896073                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.896073                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.059574                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.059574                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.030531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.030737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        88854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           88854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               175308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         467.475179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs          16392456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          156300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          104.878157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110144198713000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   467.475179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.913037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses        32941212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses       32941212                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst     16236156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      16236156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst     16236156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       16236156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst     16236156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      16236156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       156300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       156300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       156300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       156300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       156300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       156300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     16392456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16392456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst     16392456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     16392456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst     16392456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     16392456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.009535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.009535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.009535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       155788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          155788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               155788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                 2433007                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong             2433007                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2433007                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2433007    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2433007                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    857749728                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     857749728    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    857749728                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2428897     99.97%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          271      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          360      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2429528                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2433007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2433007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2429528                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2429528                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4862535                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                  146835285                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                  2288492                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  72706011                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                  144515                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    681                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  904                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     209                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses              149123777                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              72850526                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                       219541296                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                       2433007                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                   221974303                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   40232                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               40232                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40232                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40232    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40232                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    806848228                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0     806848228    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total    806848228                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39951     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          129      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40080                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        40232                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40232                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        80312                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  648530233                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    40232                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    342                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              648570465                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       648530233                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         40232                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   648570465                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              1573                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          787                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5303791753386.966797                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  135389062261553.859375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          719     91.36%     91.36% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           65      8.26%     99.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.38%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3781138697763000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           787                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  370367794457                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174084109915543                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21783586754231                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    787                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 648565672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   740730826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             602528734                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           680315670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses              454471                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  28686731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts     81432798                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  680315670                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                     454471                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads         926227717                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        583820553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            576479                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes           393071                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads          229865133                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         225300254                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                   221812033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                 148968117                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 72843916                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21781654061275.125000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             1932692955.875100                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000089                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999911                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       119332301                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               14495      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               511139388     69.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                7415583      1.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   14179      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                13905      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                  41827      0.01%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                 103978      0.01%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                  55948      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                 35167      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead              148968117     20.11%     90.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              72843916      9.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                740735467                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         320.795455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs         221960614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4935423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           44.972967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   320.795455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.626554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.626554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.570312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       448864075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      448864075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data    144215717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     144215717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     71693373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     71693373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data       246951                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       246951                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data        64738                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        64738                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       394535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       394535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data       397614                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       397614                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data    215973828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total      215973828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data    216220779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total     216220779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data      4238316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4238316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       502610                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       502610                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data        16814                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16814                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data       177574                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177574                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         7765                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7765                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         4607                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4607                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data      4918500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      4918500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data      4935314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      4935314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data    148454033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    148454033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     72195983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72195983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data       263765                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       263765                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data       242312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       242312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       402300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       402300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       402221                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       402221                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data    220892328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total    220892328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data    221156093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total    221156093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.006962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.063746                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.063746                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.732832                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.732832                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.019302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011454                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011454                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.022267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.022316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       974565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          974565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements              4928030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         484.172730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         648570313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          874600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          741.562215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   484.172730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.945650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1298015226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     1298015226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    647695713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     647695713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    647695713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      647695713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    647695713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     647695713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       874600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       874600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       874600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       874600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       874600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       874600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    648570313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    648570313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    648570313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    648570313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    648570313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    648570313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.001349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.001349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.001349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       874088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          874088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               874088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    4259                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                4259                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4259                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4259    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4259                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2100734728                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2100734728    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2100734728                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2964     98.96%     98.96% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           28      0.93%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2995                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         4259                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4259                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         2995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7254                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    2265671                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     3907                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   1314586                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     352                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    272                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   64                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      78                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                2269578                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               1314938                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         3580257                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          4259                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     3584516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                    8547                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong                8547                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8547                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8547    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8547                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8422     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8436                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         8547                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8547                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         8436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16983                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   10489443                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                     8547                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    187                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               10497990                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        10489443                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                          8547                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    10497990                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               449                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          225                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   18553104463477.980469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30922846251619.144531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           55     24.44%     24.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           97     43.11%     67.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.44%     68.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           72     32.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           225                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    5973427454                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174448504282546                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   21829434280695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    225                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  10496130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    11945074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               4001396                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            10742843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               10223                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    514120                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      2206343                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   10742843                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      10223                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          14727260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          8481281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             10688                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             5741                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            3587428                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           3577317                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     3577669                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   2262871                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  1314798                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             21829403043961.089844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             31236733.910866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         2800653                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 229      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 8344345     69.85%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  18582      0.16%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    2453      0.02%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    642      0.01%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   1314      0.01%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    916      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   673      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                2262871     18.94%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               1314798     11.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 11946823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         393.632539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           3582654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           90375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.642091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   393.632539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.768814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.768814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         7255683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses        7255683                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      2118180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2118180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      1245847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1245847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        37062                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        37062                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          746                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          746                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        43278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        41441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        41441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      3364773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        3364773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      3401835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       3401835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        67398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        67398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        16610                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16610                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         1801                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1801                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         7894                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7894                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          340                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          340                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         2057                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2057                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data        91902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        91902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data        93703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        93703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      2185578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2185578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      1262457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1262457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        38863                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        38863                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         8640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         8640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        43618                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        43618                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        43498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        43498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      3456675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3456675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      3495538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3495538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.030838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.046342                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.046342                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.913657                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.913657                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.047290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.026587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.026806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        47857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           47857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                85473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.025352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          10497879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          104249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs          100.700045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   505.025352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.986378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        21100007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       21100007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     10393630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10393630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     10393630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10393630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     10393630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10393630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       104249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       104249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       104249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       104249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       104249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       104249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     10497879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10497879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     10497879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10497879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     10497879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10497879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.009930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.009930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.009930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       103737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          103737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               103737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   11413                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               11413                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11413                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11413    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11413                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1314757568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1314757568    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1314757568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10892     98.09%     98.09% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          133      1.20%     99.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           79      0.71%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11104                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        11413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        11104                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11104                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22517                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    4657225                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    10449                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                   3699820                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     964                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    731                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  341                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     227                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                4667674                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses               3700784                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         8357045                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         11413                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     8368458                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   19342                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               19342                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19342                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19342    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19342                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1359859568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1359859568    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1359859568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19115     99.29%     99.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          136      0.71%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        19251                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        19342                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19342                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        19251                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        19251                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        38593                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                   22102620                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    19342                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    509                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses               22121962                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                        22102620                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         19342                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                    22121962                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               683                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   12205969195854.037109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  202095863794435.437500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          237     69.30%     69.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           99     28.95%     98.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.29%     98.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      1.46%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3720731053750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   13012727919                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174441464982081                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783690751119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    342                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                  22120534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                    26024092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts              11881371                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses            24004521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               79300                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                   1067005                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      3338388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                   24004521                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      79300                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          33339093                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes         18992687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            103008                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            55102                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            6162654                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           6076839                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     8357735                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   4657993                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                  3699742                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21783622846432.414062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             67904686.586627                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         4727177                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                2721      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                17571855     67.52%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  38794      0.15%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    8357      0.03%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   8371      0.03%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  17399      0.07%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  10884      0.04%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  9311      0.04%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                4657993     17.90%     85.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite               3699742     14.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                 26025429                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         337.639742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           8319999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          193964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           42.894553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   337.639742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.659453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.659453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        16925530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses       16925530                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      4403098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4403098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data      3528526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3528526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        50881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        50881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         2719                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2719                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        68519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        68519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        67140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        67140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      7934343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        7934343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      7985224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       7985224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       138827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        38631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        38631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         4589                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4589                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        14315                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14315                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          691                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          691                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         2023                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2023                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data       191773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       191773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data       196362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       196362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      4541925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4541925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data      3567157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3567157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        55470                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        55470                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        17034                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17034                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        69210                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        69210                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        69163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        69163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      8126116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8126116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      8181586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8181586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.030566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.010830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.082729                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.082729                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.840378                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.840378                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.009984                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009984                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.029250                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029250                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.023600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.024000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       105889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          105889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               190323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         484.172566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs          22121871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          271105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           81.598904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   484.172566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.945650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        44514847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       44514847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst     21850766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      21850766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst     21850766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       21850766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst     21850766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      21850766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       271105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       271105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       271105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       271105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       271105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       271105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst     22121871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22121871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst     22121871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     22121871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst     22121871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     22121871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       270593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          270593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               270593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    2872                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                2872                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2872                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2872    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2872                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    502242432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     502242432    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    502242432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2137     98.94%     98.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           16      0.74%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2160                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2872                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2872                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         2160                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2160                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5032                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    1219254                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     2609                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                    757728                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     263                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    239                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                   61                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     123                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                1221863                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                757991                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         1976982                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          2872                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     1979854                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                    4214                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong                4214                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4214                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4214    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4214                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    457416932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0     457416932    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total    457416932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4106     99.42%     99.42% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           24      0.58%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4130                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         4214                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4214                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         4130                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4130                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         8344                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                    5633744                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                     4214                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    121                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                5637958                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                         5633744                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                          4214                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                     5637958                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               229                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          115                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   36299576079101.523438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  348287773085362.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           55     47.83%     47.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           56     48.70%     96.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      3.48%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3720737601128000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           115                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3228613325                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174451249096675                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21782906766154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    115                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   5636812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     6456107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               1736373                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             5843905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                4563                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    266558                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      1147062                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    5843905                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                       4563                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           8059674                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          4613049                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads              4692                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes             2307                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            1850181                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           1844976                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     1975836                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   1217926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   757910                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21782889918835.246094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             16847318.754797                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         1452371                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                  86      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 4471988     69.26%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                   6910      0.11%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                     965      0.01%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                    256      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                    532      0.01%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                    344      0.01%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                   252      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                1217926     18.86%     88.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                757910     11.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  6457169                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         322.970836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           1974895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           63088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.303814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   322.970836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.630802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.630802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.644531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4020430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4020430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      1119744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1119744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data       706931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        26157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        26157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data          286                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        28761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        28761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        27629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        27629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      1826961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1826961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      1853118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1853118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data        44683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        44683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        14284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         1413                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1413                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data         3437                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3437                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          247                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          247                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         1323                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data        62404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        62404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data        63817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        63817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1164427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1164427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data       721215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        27570                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        27570                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3723                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3723                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        29008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        29008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        28952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      1889365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1889365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      1916935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1916935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.038373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.019805                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019805                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.051251                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.051251                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.923180                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.923180                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.008515                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008515                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.045696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.033029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.033291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           40263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                60797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         484.172426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs           5637874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs           54348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          103.736550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   484.172426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.945649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        11330096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       11330096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst      5583526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5583526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst      5583526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        5583526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst      5583526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       5583526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst        54348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        54348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst        54348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total        54348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst      5637874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5637874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst      5637874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      5637874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst      5637874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      5637874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.009640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.009640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.009640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks        53836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total           53836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                53836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   12500                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               12500                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12500                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12500    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12500                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1816192676                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1816192676    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1816192676                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11484     98.73%     98.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          113      0.97%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           35      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11632                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        12500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        11632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24132                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                    4307592                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    11748                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                   2428362                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     752                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    415                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  286                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     182                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                4319340                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses               2429114                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         6735954                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         12500                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     6748454                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   11236                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               11236                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11236                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11236    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11236                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1814987676                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1814987676    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1814987676                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11051     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           37      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11088                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11236                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11236                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11088                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11088                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22324                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                   18457319                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    11236                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses               18468555                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                        18457319                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         11236                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                    18468555                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               223                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          112                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   269624670595.312500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2806870543559.331055                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           48     42.86%     42.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           62     55.36%     98.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.89%     99.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      0.89%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 29708156971500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           112                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144256514603325                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 30197963106675                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21783738751151                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    112                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                  18466811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                    21412785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts              11466482                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses            19660582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               29490                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    712723                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      3307578                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                   19660582                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      29490                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          26602627                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes         15730858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             35929                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            21083                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            5781072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           5715630                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     6731142                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   4302855                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                  2428287                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21783682877076.507812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             55874074.490540                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         4223509                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 979      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                14617714     68.26%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  38727      0.18%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   10130      0.05%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   2855      0.01%     68.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   6007      0.03%     68.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   3916      0.02%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  2907      0.01%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                4302855     20.09%     88.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite               2428287     11.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                 21414381                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           2.956538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           6747176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          189486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.607781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891368862146500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     2.956538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.005774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13683838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13683838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data      4049465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4049465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data      2313572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2313572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        48019                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        48019                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1155                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1155                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        71421                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        71421                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        68297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        68297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      6364192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        6364192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      6412211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       6412211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       146407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       146407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data        31330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         2707                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2707                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data        10844                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10844                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          455                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          455                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         3504                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3504                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       188581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       188581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       191288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       191288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data      4195872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4195872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data      2344902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2344902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        50726                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        50726                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data        11999                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        11999                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        71876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        71876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        71801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      6552773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6552773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      6603499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6603499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.034893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013361                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013361                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.053365                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053365                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.903742                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.903742                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006330                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006330                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.048802                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048802                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.028779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.028968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        93374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           93374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               187054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse           3.705115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs          18468407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          129747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          142.341688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891368862141500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     3.705115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.007237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses        37066561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses       37066561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst     18338660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      18338660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst     18338660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       18338660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst     18338660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      18338660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       129747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       129747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       129747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       129747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       129747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       129747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst     18468407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18468407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst     18468407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     18468407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst     18468407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     18468407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.007025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.007025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.007025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       129235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          129235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               129235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   16485                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               16485                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16485                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16485    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16485                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    767100932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     767100932    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    767100932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14190     98.75%     98.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          144      1.00%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           36      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14370                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        16485                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16485                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        14370                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14370                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        30855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    5895616                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    15481                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   3234695                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    1004                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  193                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     232                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                5911097                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               3235699                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         9130311                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         16485                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     9146796                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   16343                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               16343                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16343                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16343    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16343                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    766470932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0     766470932    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total    766470932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16057     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           48      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16105                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        16343                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16343                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        16105                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16105                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        32448                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   25883797                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    16343                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    193                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               25900140                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        25883797                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         16343                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    25900140                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               563                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          282                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   13515687884468.142578                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  31024296662754.933594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          112     39.72%     39.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          123     43.62%     83.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.35%     83.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           46     16.31%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           282                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363030494289984                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811423983420016                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21783698752734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    282                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  25896681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    29723862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              14518884                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            27051168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               28360                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                   1009842                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      5076539                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   27051168                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      28360                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          36670832                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         21526666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             31328                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            17396                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            8576451                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           8506788                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     9124687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   5889932                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  3234755                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21783621189485.554688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             77563248.446612                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         6333724                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 727      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                20531750     69.07%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  47531      0.16%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   10830      0.04%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   2090      0.01%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   4457      0.01%     69.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   2908      0.01%     69.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  2099      0.01%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                5889932     19.81%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               3234755     10.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 29727083                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         380.094176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           9144003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          244421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.410873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110138685473000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   380.094176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.742371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.742371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        18532427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       18532427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      5533753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5533753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      3071252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3071252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        78542                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        78542                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1858                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1858                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data       104443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       104443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data       100994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       100994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      8606863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        8606863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      8685405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       8685405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       186999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       186999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        40391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         3981                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3981                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        16147                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16147                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1197                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1197                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         4446                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4446                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       243537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       243537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       247518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       247518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      5720752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5720752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      3111643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3111643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        82523                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        82523                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        18005                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18005                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       105640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       105640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data       105440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      8850400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8850400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      8932923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8932923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.032688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.048241                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.048241                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.896806                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.896806                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.011331                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011331                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.042166                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042166                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.027517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.027709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       125542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          125542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               240263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         467.475850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          25899902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          180675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          143.350779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110138685468000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   467.475850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.913039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        51980479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       51980479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     25719227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      25719227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     25719227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       25719227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     25719227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      25719227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       180675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       180675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       180675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       180675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       180675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       180675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     25899902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25899902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     25899902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     25899902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     25899902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     25899902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       180163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          180163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               180163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                    9151                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                9151                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9151                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9151    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9151                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1761328864                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1761328864    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1761328864                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7697     98.82%     98.82% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           73      0.94%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7789                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9151                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9151                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         7789                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7789                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16940                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    3347154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                     8571                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   1855379                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     580                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    387                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  106                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     170                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                3355725                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               1855959                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         5202533                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                          9151                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     5211684                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                    8809                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong                8809                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8809                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8809    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8809                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1810932864                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1810932864    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1810932864                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8644     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           28      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8672                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         8809                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8809                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         8672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17481                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   14829798                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                     8809                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               14838607                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        14829798                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                          8809                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    14838607                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               367                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          184                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   20714285728153.320312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  274305811910867.062500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           67     36.41%     36.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          113     61.41%     97.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.54%     98.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.63%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3720754426433000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           184                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363025903729789                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811428573980211                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21783658751959                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    184                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  14836465                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    17007213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts               8033076                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            15446384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               15525                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    586234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      2965824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   15446384                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      15525                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          20955138                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         12263100                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             17243                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             9550                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            4959165                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           4922178                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     5198923                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   3343436                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  1855487                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21783614372005.710938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             44379953.289306                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         3687140                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 402      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                11772044     69.21%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  25617      0.15%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    5843      0.03%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   1158      0.01%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   2466      0.01%     69.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   1608      0.01%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  1155      0.01%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                3343436     19.66%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               1855487     10.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 17009218                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         326.746853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           5209825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          136256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.235564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110140453879500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   326.746853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.638177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.638177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10555906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10555906                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      3143669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3143669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      1762687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1762687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        44941                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        44941                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          866                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          866                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        59213                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        59213                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        57148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        57148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      4907222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4907222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      4952163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4952163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       103203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       103203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        23949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         2802                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2802                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data         8554                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         8554                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         2357                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2357                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       135706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       135706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       138508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       138508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      3246872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3246872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      1786636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1786636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        47743                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        47743                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data         9420                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         9420                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        59649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        59505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      5042928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5042928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      5090671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5090671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.031785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.013405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.058689                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.058689                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.908068                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.908068                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.007309                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007309                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.039610                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039610                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        68503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           68503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               133212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         467.475633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          14838470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          101824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          145.726646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110140453874500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   467.475633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.913038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        29778764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       29778764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     14736646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14736646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     14736646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       14736646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     14736646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      14736646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       101824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       101824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       101824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       101824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       101824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       101824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     14838470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14838470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     14838470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     14838470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     14838470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     14838470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       101312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          101312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               101312                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   88191                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               88191                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        88191                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         88191    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        88191                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        86665     98.27%     98.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1432      1.62%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           92      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        88189                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        88191                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        88191                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        88189                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        88189                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       176380                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    9345200                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    83891                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   7949564                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    4300                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    319                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2949                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     132                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                9429091                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               7953864                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        17294764                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         88191                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    17382955                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  163345                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              163345                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       163345                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        163345    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       163345                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       161896     99.11%     99.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1448      0.89%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       163344                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       163345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       163345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       163344                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       163344                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       326689                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   47418973                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   163345                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    183                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               47582318                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        47418973                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        163345                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    47582318                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              3230                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1615                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2584783900714.336914                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  11599242064704.876953                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          273     16.90%     16.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1218     75.42%     92.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.06%     92.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.12%     92.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.06%     92.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.06%     92.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          119      7.37%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1615                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   28478056346                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174425999653654                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   21843155066598                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   1615                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  47576436                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    56951283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              19017412                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            52526165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              931913                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   3315610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      6420423                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   52526165                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     931913                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          74664508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes         41932435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           1359510                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           828391                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads           11377101                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes          10937034                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    17340724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   9390301                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  7950423                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             21843006053023.730469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             149013574.270075                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                        10349470                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               40577      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                38686483     67.92%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                 128239      0.23%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   38294      0.07%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 135585      0.24%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 289524      0.51%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 162308      0.28%     69.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                135429      0.24%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                9390301     16.49%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               7950423     13.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 56957163                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         433.237964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          17379059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          598939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.016409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   433.237964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.846168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.846168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        35357057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses       35357057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      8726275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8726275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      7644885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7644885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        80729                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        80729                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         6625                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         6625                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       152909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       152909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       146640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       146640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     16377785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16377785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     16458514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16458514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       442069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       442069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       109401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       109401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        19605                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        19605                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        34099                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        34099                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         4966                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4966                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        10856                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10856                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       585569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       585569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       605174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       605174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      9168344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9168344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      7754286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7754286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       100334                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       100334                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        40724                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        40724                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       157875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       157875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       157496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       157496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     16963354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16963354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     17063688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17063688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.048217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.195397                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.195397                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.837320                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.837320                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.031455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.068929                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.068929                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.034520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       271192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          271192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               580870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.042178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          47582317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1535331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           30.991569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   504.042178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.984457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        96699965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       96699965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     46046986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      46046986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     46046986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       46046986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     46046986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      46046986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      1535331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1535331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      1535331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      1535331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      1535331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      1535331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     47582317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47582317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     47582317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     47582317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     47582317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     47582317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1534819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         1534819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              1534819                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  159047                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              159047                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       159047                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        159047    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       159047                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       158814     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          233      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       159047                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       159047                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       159047                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       159047                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       159047                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       318094                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   55753214                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   139504                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  49613061                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   19543                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6565                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               55892718                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              49632604                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       105366275                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        159047                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   105525322                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  977843                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              977843                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       977843                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        977843    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       977843                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       975084     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2759      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       977843                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       977843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       977843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       977843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       977843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1955686                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  256601316                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   977843                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              257579159                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       256601316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        977843                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   257579159                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             41002                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        20501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203614447552.763580                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2471879653002.932617                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        19603     95.62%     95.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          760      3.71%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          138      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         20501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  154688430794                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174299789279206                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   21843155085484                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  20501                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 257509537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   309307666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              31747953                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           290264729                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              614505                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  22149189                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     36729426                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  290264729                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     614505                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         412882618                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        223424556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            650639                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           364912                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           54181026                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          53973060                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   105341315                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  55746382                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 49594933                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             21842345666389.027344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             809419094.972947                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        60995073                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               14067      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               203501401     65.78%     65.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 247624      0.08%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   40225      0.01%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  42063      0.01%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                  88125      0.03%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  56268      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 46200      0.01%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               55746382     18.02%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              49594933     16.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                309377288                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         493.966596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         105520914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2689921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.228258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   493.966596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.964779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       213731749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      213731749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     51870622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      51870622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     47774709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47774709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       780989                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       780989                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        35614                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        35614                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1151896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1151896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1176090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1176090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data     99680945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       99680945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    100461934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     100461934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      1902938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1902938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       485899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       485899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       142431                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       142431                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       140324                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       140324                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        41859                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        41859                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        17543                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17543                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      2529161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      2529161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      2671592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      2671592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     53773560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53773560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     48260608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48260608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       923420                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       923420                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       175938                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       175938                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1193755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1193755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1193633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1193633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    102210106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    102210106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    103133526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    103133526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.154243                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.154243                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.797576                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.797576                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.014697                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014697                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1402288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         1402288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              2650772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.738469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         257579159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         9670399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.635836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.738469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       524828717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      524828717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    247908760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     247908760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    247908760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      247908760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    247908760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     247908760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      9670399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9670399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      9670399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      9670399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      9670399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      9670399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    257579159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    257579159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    257579159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    257579159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    257579159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    257579159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      9669887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         9669887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              9669887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   37911                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               37911                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37911                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37911    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37911                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        35541     98.61%     98.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          419      1.16%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           81      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36041                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        37911                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37911                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        36041                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36041                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        73952                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   11592601                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    35423                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   7293589                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    2488                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                   2451                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  868                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     679                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               11628024                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               7296077                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        18886190                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         37911                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    18924101                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   55997                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               55997                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        55997                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         55997    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        55997                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        55294     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          362      0.65%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        55656                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        55997                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        55997                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        55656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        55656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       111653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   50620413                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    55997                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10361                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                   1929                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               50676410                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        50620413                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         55997                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    50676410                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              2475                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1238                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3371910219832.306152                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  14717033963789.824219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          530     42.81%     42.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          627     50.65%     93.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.08%     93.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           80      6.46%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1238                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   29625557605                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4174424852152395                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21793594676007                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   1238                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  50671160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    59246406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts              25916640                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            54628776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              173344                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   2443092                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      8465586                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   54628776                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     173344                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          74621540                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         43561644                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            232847                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           136549                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads           14583130                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes          14366034                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    18890587                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  11596752                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  7293835                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21793440009767.375000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             154666239.626191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                        11471246                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                6495      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                40110865     67.70%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                 102966      0.17%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   27763      0.05%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    8      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  21008      0.04%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  44544      0.08%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  25980      0.04%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 21099      0.04%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               11596752     19.57%     87.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               7293835     12.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 59251315                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         426.547179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          18919710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          556476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.999148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   426.547179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.833100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.833100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        38395896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       38395896                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     10858459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10858459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      6953849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6953849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data       138691                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       138691                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         3535                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3535                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       198579                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       198579                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       187832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       187832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     17815843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17815843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     17954534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17954534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       413969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       413969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        96151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        96151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        12624                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12624                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        39933                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        39933                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         2993                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2993                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        13095                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13095                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       550053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       550053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       562677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       562677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     11272428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11272428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      7050000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7050000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       151315                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       151315                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        43468                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        43468                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       201572                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       201572                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       200927                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       200927                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     18365896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18365896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     18517211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18517211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.083429                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.083429                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.918676                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.918676                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.014848                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014848                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.065173                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065173                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.030387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       288675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          288675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               542581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.505067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          50676069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          599266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           84.563564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   508.505067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.993174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses       101951404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses      101951404                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     50076803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      50076803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     50076803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       50076803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     50076803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      50076803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       599266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       599266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       599266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       599266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       599266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       599266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     50676069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     50676069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     50676069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     50676069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     50676069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     50676069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.011825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.011825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.011825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       598754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          598754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               598754                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                11841                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               11841                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              542742                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             542742                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        16498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        22412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        39406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1069760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1069760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1109166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        16498                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        12499                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        29369                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34166016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34166016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34195385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               14.608652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 534880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               534880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7110130598928001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     14.608652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.913041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.913041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4813920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4813920                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           2080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             2080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          534880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            534880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         534880                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           534880                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         2080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           2080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        534880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          534880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       534880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         534880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532768                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532768                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    534864                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                14952.584859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   14131965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  2289438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                     6.172679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     876.899647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    72.900168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    68.550413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    2687.330423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    1979.608999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    33.896009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    40.333663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst    1536.359434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    7159.859812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker     1.050231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker     1.837997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst      62.389422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     108.099490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker     1.776342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker     1.827467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     132.032875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     187.832467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.053522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.004449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.164022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.120826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.002069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.002462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.093772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.437003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.003808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.006598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.008059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.011464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.912633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015503                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886353                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                 31589278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses                31589278                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       395997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       674018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        76816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       120962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        13396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        49089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        19591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        45468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                1395337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2085531                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2085531                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2757630                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total         2757630                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks           1137                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                1137                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data            392                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           6259                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data            230                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           1210                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total                8091                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          230                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          208                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          257                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1022                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          121343                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data           80720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data           11263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           18526                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               231852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      2053026                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       994316                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       175659                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       173719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           3396720                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       663473                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       371610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data        69208                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       110225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1214516                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        43517                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         2240                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         1556                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         3443                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            50756                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       395997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       674018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            2053026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data             784816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        76816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       120962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst             994316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data             452330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        13396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        49089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst             175659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data              80471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        19591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        45468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             173719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             128751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                 6238425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       395997                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       674018                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           2053026                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data            784816                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        76816                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       120962                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst            994316                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data            452330                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        13396                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        49089                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst            175659                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data             80471                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        19591                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        45468                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            173719                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            128751                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total                6238425                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                 5762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        19896                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         1238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         1740                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         1550                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             24424                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        21602                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data          512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         1637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         2878                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26629                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        569251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         49325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         13362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         14954                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             646892                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        87281                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        22283                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        25747                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        31014                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          166325                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       706831                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        80468                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        31971                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        58878                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         878148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        17128                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       464263                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        10284                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        12697                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         504372                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            87281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          1276082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst            22283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data           129793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            25747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data            45333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            31014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data            73832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               1697127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1325                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1105                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           87281                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1276082                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1675                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          348                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           22283                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data          129793                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          321                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          250                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           25747                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data           45333                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          499                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          239                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           31014                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data           73832                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              1697127                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       397322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       675123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        78491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       121310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        13717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        49339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        20090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        45707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            1401099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2085531                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2085531                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2757630                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2757630                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks         1137                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total            1137                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        20288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         7497                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1970                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         2760                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           32515                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        21929                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data          742                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1845                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         27651                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       690594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       130045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        24625                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        33480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total           878744                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      2140307                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      1016599                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       201406                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       204733                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       3563045                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1370304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       452078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       101179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       169103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2092664                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        60645                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       466503                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        11840                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        16140                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       555128                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       397322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       675123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        2140307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        2060898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        78491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       121310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        1016599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         582123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        13717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        49339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         201406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data         125804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        20090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        45707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         204733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         202583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total             7935552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       397322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       675123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       2140307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       2060898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        78491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       121310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       1016599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        582123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        13717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        49339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst        201406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data        125804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        20090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        45707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        204733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        202583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total            7935552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.002869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.023402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.005067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.024838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.004112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.980678                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.165133                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.883249                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.561594                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.751161                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.985088                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.690027                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.887263                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.918022                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963039                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.824292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.379292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.542619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.446655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.736155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.040780                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.127836                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.151485                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.046681                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.515821                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.177996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.315985                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.348178                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.419632                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.282431                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.995198                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.868581                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.786679                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.908569                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.040780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.619187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.021340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.002869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.021919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.222965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.023402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.005067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.127836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.360346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.024838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.151485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.364453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.213864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.040780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.619187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.021340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.002869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.021919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.222965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.023402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.005067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.127836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.360346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.024838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.151485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.364453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.213864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1205476                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1205476                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       2149401                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                13370.677626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                   20738905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                  3777647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     5.489900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2461.703019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    28.324885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    37.914890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    2032.451522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    1560.497186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    22.866378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    10.228555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst    1086.257109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    2385.324506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    15.454837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker     3.624304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     632.207047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     988.638975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    10.903104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    27.279206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     845.975641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    1221.026461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.150250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.001729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.124051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.095245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.001396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.066300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.145589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.038587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.060342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.001665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.051634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.074526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.816081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917908                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 45701859                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                45701859                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        31235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        78987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        17493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        35066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      7213963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       116553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         5407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        23611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                7522315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1211735                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1211735                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1206500                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total         1206500                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           1816                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data            573                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           2088                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data            873                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5350                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          183                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               639                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data           18560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data           14004                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          102846                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data            6895                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total               142305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       247239                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       133308                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       799590                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst        91632                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1271769                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       103820                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        87783                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data      1467209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        44853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1703665                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         5028                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         1981                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         4621                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         1185                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total            12815                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        31235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        78987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             247239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             122380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        17493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        35066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             133308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data             101787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      7213963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       116553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             799590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data            1570055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         5407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        23611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst              91632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data              51748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                10640054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        31235                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        78987                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            247239                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            122380                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        17493                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        35066                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            133308                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data            101787                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      7213963                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       116553                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            799590                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data           1570055                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         5407                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        23611                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst             91632                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data             51748                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total               10640054                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        63909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker         1305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                67149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         3644                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         2331                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         5533                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         2747                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14255                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         4783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         3924                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         4279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1740                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14726                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data          9787                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         13120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data        392099                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data          5991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total             420997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        24889                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        22992                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        75010                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        12617                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          135508                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        40939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        49333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data      2795075                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        23569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2908916                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        10466                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        11185                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data       172953                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         6659                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total         201263                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            24889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data            50726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst            22992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data            62453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        63909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            75010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data          3187174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            12617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data            29560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total               3532570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          656                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          320                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           24889                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data           50726                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          243                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           22992                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data           62453                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        63909                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker         1305                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           75010                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data         3187174                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          232                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           12617                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data           29560                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total              3532570                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        31891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        79307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        17856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        35309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      7277872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       117858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         5639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        23732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total            7589464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1211735                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1211735                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1206500                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1206500                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         5460                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2904                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         3620                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19605                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         4966                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         4114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         4430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1855                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         15365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        28347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        27124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       494945                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        12886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           563302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       272128                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       156300                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       874600                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       104249                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1407277                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       144759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       137116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data      4262284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        68422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4612581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        15494                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        13166                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data       177574                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         7844                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       214078                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        31891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        79307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         272128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         173106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        17856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        35309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         156300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         164240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      7277872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       117858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         874600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        4757229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         5639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        23732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         104249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data          81308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total            14172624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        31891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        79307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        272128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        173106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        17856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        35309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        156300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        164240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      7277872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       117858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        874600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       4757229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         5639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        23732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        104249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data         81308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total           14172624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.020570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.020329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.006882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.008781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.041142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.667399                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.802686                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.726020                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.758840                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.727110                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.963149                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.953816                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.965914                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.938005                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.958412                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.345257                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.483704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.792207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.464923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.747374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.091461                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.147102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.085765                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.121028                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.096291                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.282808                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.359790                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.655769                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.344465                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.630648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.675487                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.849537                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.973977                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.848929                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.940139                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.020570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.091461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.293034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.020329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.006882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.147102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.380255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.008781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.085765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.669964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.041142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.121028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.363556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.249253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.020570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.091461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.293034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.020329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.006882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.147102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.380255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.008781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.085765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.669964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.041142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.121028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.363556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.249253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              706533                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   706533                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                       3711132                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                13219.134018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                    2735832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                   378868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     7.221069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    4009.009277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    34.077317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    62.833507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    2968.132694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    2619.331319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker     5.406251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker     0.907053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     515.517244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    1213.324758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.029313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     0.022186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst       2.308096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data       3.935124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    13.954610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker     4.038158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     875.135123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     891.171988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.244691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.002080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.181160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.159871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.000330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.031465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.074055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.000852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.053414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.054393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.806832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011963                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908264                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                  5934516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                 5934516                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        27802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        54761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         5119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        11646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        28273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        29868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        33699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        43364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                 234532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       365068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total          365068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       536786                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          536786                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data            149                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data            344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            554                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           1368                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2415                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          169                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          234                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               686                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data           19522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data            5290                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data           16338                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           20730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total                61880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       239671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst        45950                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       111342                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       154985                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            551948                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        97030                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        31933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        95028                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       121616                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           345607                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1238                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data          569                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         1155                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         3030                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             5992                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        27802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        54761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             239671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data             116552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         5119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        11646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst              45950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data              37223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        28273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        29868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             111342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data             111366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        33699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        43364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             154985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             142346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                 1193967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        27802                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        54761                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            239671                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data            116552                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         5119                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        11646                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst             45950                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data             37223                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        28273                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        29868                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            111342                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data            111366                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        33699                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        43364                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            154985                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            142346                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                1193967                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                 2664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2733                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data          536                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         1666                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         2790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7725                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         1672                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         1039                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         3142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         3955                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9808                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         15961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data          7983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         12714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         15100                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total              51758                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        31434                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst         8398                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        18405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        25690                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           83927                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        46324                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        13489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data        53866                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        69530                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         183209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        13077                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         2863                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         9689                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        13086                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          38715                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            31434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data            62285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst             8398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data            21472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            18405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data            66580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            25690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data            84630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total                321558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          441                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          419                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           31434                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data           62285                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           81                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst            8398                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data           21472                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          436                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          379                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           18405                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data           66580                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          464                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          286                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           25690                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data           84630                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total               321558                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        28243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        55180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         5277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        11727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        28709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        30247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        34163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        43650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             237196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       365068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       365068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       536786                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       536786                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2882                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data          880                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2220                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1828                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         1166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3311                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4189                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         10494                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        35483                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        13273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data        29052                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        35830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total           113638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       271105                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst        54348                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       129747                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       180675                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        635875                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       143354                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        45422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       148894                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       191146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       528816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        14315                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data        10844                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        16116                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        44707                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        28243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        55180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         271105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         178837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         5277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        11727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst          54348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data          58695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        28709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        30247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         129747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         177946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        34163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        43650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         180675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         226976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total             1515525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        28243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        55180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        271105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        178837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         5277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        11727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst         54348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data         58695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        28709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        30247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        129747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        177946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        34163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        43650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        180675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        226976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total            1515525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.015614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.007593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.029941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.011231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.948300                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.609091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.750450                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.670996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.761834                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.914661                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.891081                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.948958                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.944139                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.934629                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.449821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.601447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.437629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.421435                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.455464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.115948                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.154523                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.141853                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.142189                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.131987                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.323144                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.296971                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.361774                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.363753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.346451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.913517                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.834207                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.893489                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.811988                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.865972                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.015614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.007593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.115948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.348278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.029941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.154523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.365823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.141853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.374158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.142189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.372859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.212176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.015614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.007593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.115948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.348278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.029941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.154523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.365823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.141853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.374158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.142189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.372859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.212176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks              100638                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                   100638                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                        332502                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                14985.699444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                   33424134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  1376129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    24.288518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2388.842134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     3.960022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     3.003244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     191.528904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     378.215827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    51.697491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    54.283962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    2263.793205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    2451.738335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    28.495370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    54.953214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    1853.585561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    2224.419049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    21.808068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    30.545195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    1284.152365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    1700.677499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.145803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.011690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.023084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.003313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.138171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.149642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.113134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.135768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.001331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.078378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.103801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.914655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15898                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11520                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.020142                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970337                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                 68446367                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses                68446367                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        18866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        24622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       260008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       484865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       460173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2917356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        91543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       158877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total                4416310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2030658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2030658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      9625937                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total         9625937                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data            844                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           2279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           1642                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           1689                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total                6454                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data         2289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data         1117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          809                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              4386                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data            9572                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data           79330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          409693                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           50435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total               549030                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst        86817                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      1452475                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      9411345                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       536639                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          11487276                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        64596                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       368712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1870394                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       284126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2587828                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         1450                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        29762                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       104599                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        10504                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           146315                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        18866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        24622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst              86817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data              74168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       260008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       484865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            1452475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data             448042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       460173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2917356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst            9411345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            2280087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        91543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       158877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             536639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             334561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                19040444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        18866                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        24622                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst             86817                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data             74168                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       260008                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       484865                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           1452475                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data            448042                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       460173                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2917356                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst           9411345                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           2280087                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        91543                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       158877                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            536639                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            334561                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               19040444                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         3721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        16735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total                40009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         1718                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         4416                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        17106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         5908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         1935                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         3169                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        11775                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        10909                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           27788                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         11689                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         17834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data         52704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         35900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             118127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        15007                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        82856                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       259054                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        62627                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          419544                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        40892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        71406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       192352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       138024                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         442674                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         7096                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         4319                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        35494                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        29373                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total          76282                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            15007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data            52581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         3721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst            82856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data            89240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           259054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           245056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            62627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data           173924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               1020354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           15007                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data           52581                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2700                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         3721                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           82856                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data           89240                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13414                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          259054                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          245056                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1425                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1396                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           62627                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data          173924                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              1020354                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        19228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        24878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       262708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       488586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       476908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2930770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        92968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       160273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total            4456319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2030658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2030658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      9625937                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total      9625937                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2562                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         6695                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        18748                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         7597                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           35602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         5458                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        12892                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        11718                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         32174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        21261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        97164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       462397                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        86335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total           667157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       101824                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      1535331                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      9670399                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       599266                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      11906820                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       105488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       440118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2062746                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       422150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3030502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data         8546                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        34081                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       140093                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        39877                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       222597                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        19228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        24878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         101824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         126749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       262708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       488586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        1535331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         537282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       476908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2930770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst        9670399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        2525143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        92968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       160273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         599266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         508485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            20060798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        19228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        24878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        101824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        126749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       262708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       488586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       1535331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data        537282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       476908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2930770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst       9670399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       2525143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        92968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       160273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        599266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        508485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           20060798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.018827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.035091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.670570                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.659597                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.912417                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.777675                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.818718                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.918803                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.580616                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.913357                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.930961                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.863679                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.549786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.183545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.113980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.415822                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.177060                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.147382                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053966                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.026788                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.104506                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.035236                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.387646                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.162243                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.093250                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.326955                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.146073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.830330                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.126728                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.253360                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.736590                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.342691                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.018827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.147382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.414844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.053966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.166095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.035091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.026788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.097046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.104506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.342044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.050863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.018827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.147382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.414844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.166095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.035091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.026788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.097046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.104506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.342044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.050863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              262924                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   262924                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       1130351                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      15605414                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7357705                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1839025                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               26217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5362132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              19917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             19917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2808339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4684210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           100715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          94348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          164178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1228344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1228099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5335915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1353543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1353432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1604624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1604624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        25492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6585787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total      6635555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         5644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11174877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total     11190637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1065283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total      1071523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3256467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total      3276967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               23779306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34230272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34230272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        48552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    185611328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    185680840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    271126848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total    271144037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         5172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     26944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total     26952236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        40712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     81917504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total     81958300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               599965685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8158999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.302395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.686723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6491328     79.56%     79.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1131803     13.87%     93.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  272170      3.34%     96.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  263698      3.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8158999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14374485                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6661015                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1579687                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        276334                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       171850                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       104484                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           1489277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          7168758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            10030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           10030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2085531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3561002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean           1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1412695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          37127                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        29962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         67089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          879978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         879978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      3563050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2116431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        11648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        11648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       555240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       555240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      6420412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      6489659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1359286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       810604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3049288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3213162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       245880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       232876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       603709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       429569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       101952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        32454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       613693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       677513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        99908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        65886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             24445851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    273926656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    196052096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      5437144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      3242416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    130092032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     95188061                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       983520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       931504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     25747328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     13425171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       407808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       129816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     26173312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     20721112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       399632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       263544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total             793121152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        3208974                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 77150464                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        11843203                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.214369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.664015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              10440922     88.16%     88.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                706752      5.97%     94.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                290631      2.45%     96.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                368792      3.11%     99.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 36106      0.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          11843203                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13770952                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6746766                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       463187                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        221137                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       119736                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       101401                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq           7656636                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         13680073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             3993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            3993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1211735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1405229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        4161750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          19738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         35710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          563392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         563392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1407277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4616160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         5376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         5376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       214128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       214128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       815872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       585736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       164184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        94398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       468388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       550964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        78936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        54198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2623288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     14843378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       241126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side     14595964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       312235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       278699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        51250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        25442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             35784058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     34799616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     17561440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       656736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       377592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     19973632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     16268845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       315744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       216792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    111916032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    366885588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       964504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side     58383856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     13311104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      8343684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       205000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       101768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             650281933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        4292895                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                 45218112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples        18764774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.063066                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.385322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0              18146105     96.70%     96.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                295839      1.58%     98.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                112860      0.60%     98.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                178015      0.95%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 31955      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total          18764774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2788159                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1356471                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       178803                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        156562                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        65235                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        91327                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            283720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          1451791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             1561                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            1561                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       365068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       633827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         313369                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          10590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         21886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          114046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         114046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       635875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       532196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        49600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        49600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        44743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        44743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       812803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       684385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       115778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        67872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       162532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       199809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        25236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        17160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       388729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       577982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        67338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        74584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       541513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       747443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        97958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        98396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total              4679518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     34668672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     18279875                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       463112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       271488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      6923776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      6395409                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       100944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        68640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     16574848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     17409892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       269352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       298336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     23093632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     22646260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       391832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       393584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             148249652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                         809410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                  6440832                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         2478307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.240212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.676650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               2118666     85.49%     85.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                209734      8.46%     93.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                 83882      3.38%     97.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                 46279      1.87%     99.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 19746      0.80%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           2478307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31851027                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14713697                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3971119                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        413119                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       308309                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       104810                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10921577532491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq           4499586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         19496301                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq             4333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp            4333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2030658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11904772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1876777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          45895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        43851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         89746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          669505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         669505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     11906820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3089895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       222910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       222910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       304960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       416438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        52796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        54646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      4605481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1830358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       977174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       525914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     29010685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      8121572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5861540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       953816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1797286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1703679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       335248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       226204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total             56777797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     13000704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     12559840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       211184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       218584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    196489600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     53524176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3908696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      2103656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1237778304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    252977560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     23446160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3815264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     76673280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     51542932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1340992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       904816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            1930495748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        1640160                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 16827136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        22059472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.234322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.640616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              18829241     85.36%     85.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               1878759      8.52%     93.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                785619      3.56%     97.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                544388      2.47%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 21465      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          22059472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
