
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              84941.079908                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                84941079908226496                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               91688202963007504                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1978375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2272744                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           7992395068020                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5047616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10627.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 21025654672                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   24154123101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker       106624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        64320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       5073856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      75829632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       104000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       3246208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       9387328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker      3080576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker       113088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       7237376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data     181849664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        95808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        38848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2819712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       9228160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        63936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       5977792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data      12696768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        82816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        48512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       3389120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data      11161152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker      5638272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        94080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       5230848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data     210771072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        84224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        35136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       2403776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       7758272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        58624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        15680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       2094656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       8124032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        81344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        39744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       3574848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data      11650112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        70400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        20544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       2082624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       7709888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker      2295296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker       415808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst      29035584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data      26405376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker       113216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        49088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       4022912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data      12130432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       385344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        89216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       8991168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data      11793024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker     19196544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker     13115200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst     264728064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data     217518080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       779200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker       287232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst      19089216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data      20414784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1250336576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      5073856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      3246208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      7237376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2819712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      5977792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      3389120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      5230848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      2403776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      2094656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      3574848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      2082624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst     29035584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      4022912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      8991168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst    264728064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst     19089216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     368997760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    385063168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       385063168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         1666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          79279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1184838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          50722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         146677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker        48134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         1767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst         113084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data        2841401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          44058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         144190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         3252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          93403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         198387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         1294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          52955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         174393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker        88098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker         1470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          81732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data        3293298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker         1316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          37559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data         121223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          32729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data         126938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker         1271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          55857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data         182033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker         1100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          32541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data         120467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker        35864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker         6497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst         453681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data         412584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker         1769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          62858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data         189538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         6021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker         1394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst         140487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         184266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker       299946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker       204925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst        4136376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data        3398720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker        12175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         4488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst         298269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         318981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            19536509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       6016612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            6016612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst               60                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data              893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst               38                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           36                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst               85                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data             2141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst               33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst               70                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst               40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker           66                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data             2481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst               28                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data               91                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data               96                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               42                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data               91                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker           27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               47                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 14720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst           60                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst           38                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst           85                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst           33                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst           70                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst           40                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           62                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst           28                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           42                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           47                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            4533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 4533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            4533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst              60                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data             893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst              38                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           36                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst              85                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data            2141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst              33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst              70                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst              40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker           66                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data            2481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst              28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data              91                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data              96                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              42                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data              91                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              47                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                19253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         13862384241022538                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           13862384241022538                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 91688202963007504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         13862384241022538                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           13862384241022538                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 91688202963007504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         13862384241022538                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           13862384241022538                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 91688202963007504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         13862384241022538                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           13862384241022538                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 91688202963007504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     46                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      188416                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            46                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   56445                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               56445                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        56445                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         56445    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        56445                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        54845     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          272      0.49%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          167      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        55284                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        56445                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        56445                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        55284                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        55284                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       111729                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   59766178                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    50015                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  58380481                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    6430                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                   1276                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  743                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     465                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               59816193                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              58386911                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                       118146659                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         56445                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                   118203104                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  117329                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              117329                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       117329                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        117329    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       117329                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       116879     99.78%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          262      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       117141                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       117329                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       117329                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       117141                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       117141                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       234470                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  858726291                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   117329                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    833                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              858843620                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       858726291                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        117329                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   858843620                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             12877                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         6439                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   13191581653397.876953                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  25318231645668.058594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2521     39.15%     39.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2448     38.02%     77.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.02%     77.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     77.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.02%     77.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.02%     77.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1466     22.77%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871114104608                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          6439                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  485641997965                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940594266228928                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   183328871173563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   6439                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 858839457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   971282780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts             764563806                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           874369894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              105598                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  38966810                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts    106954966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  874369894                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     105598                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        1310826965                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        670878700                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            112419                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            24971                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads         2531848986                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         638096068                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                   128055481                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  69645414                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 58410067                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             183327823009382.093750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             1048164180.915786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                       142154309                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                1106      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               835342389     86.00%     86.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                7799157      0.80%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   66385      0.01%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   3306      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   7060      0.00%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   4424      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  3301      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               69645414      7.17%     93.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              58410051      6.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                971286755                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         434.444378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs         118137561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2901807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.711722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   434.444378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.848524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       239267083                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      239267083                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     57307905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      57307905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     57155979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     57155979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       189699                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       189699                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         2996                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2996                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       252987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       252987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       229876                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       229876                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data    114466880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total      114466880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data    114656579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total     114656579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      2022987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2022987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       886720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       886720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        26528                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        26528                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        32106                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        32106                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         3577                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3577                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        24878                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        24878                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      2941813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      2941813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      2968341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      2968341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     59330892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     59330892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     58042699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     58042699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       216227                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       216227                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        35102                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        35102                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       256564                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256564                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       254754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       254754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data    117408693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total    117408693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data    117624920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total    117624920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.034097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.015277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.122686                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.122686                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.914649                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.914649                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.097655                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.097655                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.025056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.025236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1625419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1625419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              2811070                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         858843432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1859053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          461.978993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1719545917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     1719545917                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    856984379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     856984379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    856984379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      856984379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    856984379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     856984379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      1859053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1859053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      1859053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      1859053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      1859053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      1859053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    858843432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    858843432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    858843432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    858843432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    858843432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    858843432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.002165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.002165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.002165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1858541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         1858541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              1858541                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   54991                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               54991                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        54991                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         54991    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        54991                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        51652     99.33%     99.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          167      0.32%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          183      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        52002                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        54991                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        54991                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        52002                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        52002                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       106993                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                   46626807                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    48738                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  45442698                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    6253                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    772                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  277                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     278                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses               46675545                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              45448951                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                        92069505                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         54991                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                    92124496                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   50224                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               50224                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        50224                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         50224    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        50224                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49726     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          149      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49875                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        50224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        50224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        49875                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49875                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       100099                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  778020104                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    50224                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    564                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              778070328                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       778020104                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         50224                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   778070328                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              5720                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2860                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   29699525701230.320312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  879342646449014.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          821     28.71%     28.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1659     58.01%     86.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     86.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          379     13.25%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 46718902939775504                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2860                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  436402709267                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940643505518720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   161125799286927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   2861                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 778064540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   872801386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             745576483                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           781882867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses              112971                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  33874948                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts     99624711                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  781882867                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                     112971                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        1178308906                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        592497024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads            125984                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            37093                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2472742161                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         610043210                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   101998906                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  56525156                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 45473750                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             161124971469157.093750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             827817769.889405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       128943711                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                1576      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               763186726     87.44%     87.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                7565185      0.87%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   21416      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   5398      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                  11773      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   6304      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  5396      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4143      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead               56525156      6.48%     94.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              45473718      5.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                872806825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         378.982737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs          92102808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1227681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           75.021775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   378.982737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.740201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.740201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       185452113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      185452113                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data     45399983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      45399983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     44965074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     44965074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data       132356                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       132356                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         2596                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2596                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       166931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       166931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       148897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       148897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data     90367653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       90367653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data     90500009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      90500009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       953926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       953926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       265453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       265453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data        13134                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13134                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        34337                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        34337                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         1828                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1828                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        18293                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        18293                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1253716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1253716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1266850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1266850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data     46353909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46353909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     45230527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     45230527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data       145490                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       145490                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        36933                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        36933                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       168759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       168759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       167190                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       167190                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data     91621369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     91621369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data     91766859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     91766859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.020579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.090274                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.090274                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.929711                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.929711                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.010832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.109414                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.109414                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       855730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          855730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1178803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.995725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         778069979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          654803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         1188.250480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.995725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1556794761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1556794761                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    777415176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     777415176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    777415176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      777415176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    777415176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     777415176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       654803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       654803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       654803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       654803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       654803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       654803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    778069979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    778069979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    778069979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    778069979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    778069979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    778069979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       654291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          654291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               654291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                 2485978                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong             2485978                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2485978                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2485978    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2485978                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1998165412                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1998165412    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1998165412                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2479133     99.96%     99.96% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          430      0.02%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          547      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2480110                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2485978                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2485978                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2480110                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2480110                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4966088                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                  191775437                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                  2331228                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                 118348165                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                  154750                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                   1233                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1174                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     360                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses              194106665                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses             118502915                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       310123602                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                       2485978                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   312609580                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   83075                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               83075                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        83075                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         83075    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        83075                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1998471412                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1998471412    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1998471412                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        82432     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          298      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        82730                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        83075                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        83075                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        82730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        82730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       165805                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                 1448424639                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    83075                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    818                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses             1448507714                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                      1448424639                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         83075                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                  1448507714                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              7519                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3760                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   22493953798619.707031                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  387173921999903.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1530     40.69%     40.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1541     40.98%     81.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     81.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.03%     81.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          687     18.27%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 23487245369338500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3760                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363813625418165                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84577266282810096                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   183317049310819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   3760                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                1448498018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                  1636369024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts            1370713497                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses          1483980263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              574423                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  62902781                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    180947722                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                 1483980263                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     574423                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        2135632235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes       1196107941                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            719948                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes           444800                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         2782144562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes         863101399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   323517481                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                 204992271                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                118525210                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             183315283523334.093750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             1765787484.899624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       248654150                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               17003      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu              1297202794     79.27%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult               15221354      0.93%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   32537      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                 61489      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                 6951      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                 13639      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                13911      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  50059      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                 120817      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  65980      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 43247      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4215      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              204992271     12.53%     92.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             118525194      7.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total               1636378375                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         341.464062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         312579553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         6059950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           51.581210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110118491735500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   341.464062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.666922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.666922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.638672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       631235454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      631235454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data    188154397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     188154397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data    116816223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    116816223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       351566                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       351566                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data        66710                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        66710                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       536727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       536727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       520316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       520316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data    305037330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total      305037330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data    305388896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total     305388896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      5010870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5010870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       769468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       769468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        33242                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        33242                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       283513                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       283513                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data        10789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        25675                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        25675                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      6063851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      6063851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      6097093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      6097093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data    193165267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    193165267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data    117585691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    117585691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       384808                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       384808                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       350223                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       350223                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       547516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       547516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       545991                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       545991                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data    311101181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total    311101181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data    311485989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total    311485989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.025941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.006544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.086386                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.086386                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.809521                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.809521                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.019705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.047025                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047025                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.019492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.019574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1907769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1907769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              5994791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.811970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs        1448507369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1387978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs         1043.609747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110118491730500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   509.811970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.995727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2898402716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     2898402716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst   1447119391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1447119391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst   1447119391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total     1447119391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst   1447119391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total    1447119391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      1387978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1387978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      1387978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      1387978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      1387978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      1387978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst   1448507369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1448507369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst   1448507369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total   1448507369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst   1448507369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total   1448507369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1387466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         1387466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              1387466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   56223                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               56223                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        56223                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         56223    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        56223                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    716336616                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     716336616    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    716336616                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        53409     99.14%     99.14% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          189      0.35%     99.49% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          275      0.51%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        53873                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        56223                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        56223                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        53873                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        53873                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       110096                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                   46719702                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    49136                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  45164204                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    7087                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    732                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  609                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     275                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses               46768838                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              45171291                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        91883906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         56223                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    91940129                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   40780                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               40780                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40780                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40780    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40780                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    715002616                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0     715002616    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total    715002616                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40454     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           59      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40513                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        40780                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40780                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40513                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40513                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        81293                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  782938809                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    40780                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    534                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              782979589                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       782938809                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         40780                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   782979589                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              6329                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   26837485263014.593750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  444943329404221                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          837     26.45%     26.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1663     52.54%     78.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     79.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.03%     79.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          663     20.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 24787975300570500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  439050786942                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940640857441184                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   183316993331510                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   3165                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 782974686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   878098523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             755453475                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           787428997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               93017                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  33844960                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts     99256043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  787428997                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      93017                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        1182651282                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        598383444                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            100364                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            28235                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2493050334                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         620013951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   101838899                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  56643243                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 45195656                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             183316045786830.375000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             947544679.627695                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       128532342                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                1284      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               768621502     87.53%     87.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                7594697      0.86%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   22325      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   3708      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                   7659      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   5136      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  3805      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead               56643243      6.45%     94.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              45195640      5.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                878103159                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         382.863866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          91930381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1236301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.359222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   382.863866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.747781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.747781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.689453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       185097191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      185097191                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data     45517860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      45517860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     44703281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     44703281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data       111784                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       111784                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         1961                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       158737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       158737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       137848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     90223102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       90223102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     90334886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      90334886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       958875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       958875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       272148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       272148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        14130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        14130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        30952                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        30952                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data        20971                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20971                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1261975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1261975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1276105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1276105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data     46476735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46476735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     44975429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     44975429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data       125914                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       125914                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        32913                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        32913                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       160571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       160571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       158819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       158819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     91485077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     91485077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     91610991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     91610991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.020631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.006051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.112219                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.112219                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.940419                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.940419                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.132043                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.132043                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       860570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          860570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1178686                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.632470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         782979322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          524523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         1492.745451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   510.632470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1566483167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1566483167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    782454799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     782454799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    782454799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      782454799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    782454799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     782454799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       524523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       524523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       524523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       524523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       524523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       524523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    782979322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    782979322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    782979322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    782979322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    782979322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    782979322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       524011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          524011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               524011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  204056                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              204056                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       204056                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        204056    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       204056                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       200388     98.45%     98.45% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2795      1.37%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          350      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       203533                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       204056                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       204056                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       203533                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       203533                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       407589                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   57794955                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   191411                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  55550232                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                   12645                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    864                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 5544                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     269                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               57986366                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              55562877                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                       113345187                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        204056                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                   113549243                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  309951                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              309951                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       309951                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        309951    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       309951                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       307153     99.14%     99.14% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2654      0.86%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       309807                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       309951                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       309951                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       309807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       309807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       619758                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  850369263                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   309951                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    681                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              850679214                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       850369263                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        309951                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   850679214                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions             11231                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5616                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   15124750862402.367188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  455326435548464.812500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1121     19.96%     19.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3770     67.13%     87.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.02%     87.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.02%     87.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.02%     87.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.02%     87.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.04%     87.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.04%     87.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.02%     87.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          716     12.75%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 34077323001228000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          5616                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  479064975610                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940600843251696                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   115221759929175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   5616                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 850667002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   958121414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts             784949944                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           860788896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             1691491                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                  38345497                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts    107251856                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  860788896                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    1691491                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        1292762630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        656437560                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           2435373                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes          1451580                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads         2535160225                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes         637277950                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                   123464953                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  67881906                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 55583047                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             115221110082145.531250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             649847029.465986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                       142026130                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               70909      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               825321246     86.14%     86.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                7928273      0.83%     86.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   79123      0.01%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 237021      0.02%     87.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 506161      0.05%     87.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 283636      0.03%     87.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                237952      0.02%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               67881906      7.08%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              55583031      5.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                958133482                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         434.552361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs         113536052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2065924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           54.956548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   434.552361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.848735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.660156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       229138028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      229138028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     55827421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      55827421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     54705878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     54705878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       191955                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       191955                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data        12736                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        12736                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       335919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       335919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       302544                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       302544                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data    110546035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total      110546035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data    110737990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total     110737990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data      1573660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1573660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       415877                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       415877                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        41447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        41447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        81441                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        81441                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         8013                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8013                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        39161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        39161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      2070978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      2070978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      2112425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      2112425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     57401081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57401081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     55121755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     55121755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       233402                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       233402                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        94177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        94177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       343932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       343932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       341705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       341705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data    112617013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total    112617013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data    112850415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total    112850415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.027415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.007545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.177578                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.177578                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.864765                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.864765                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.023298                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023298                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.114605                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.114605                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.018390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.018719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1177687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total         1177687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1986753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.973628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         850679070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3017571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          281.908552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.973628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1704375711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     1704375711                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    847661499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     847661499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    847661499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      847661499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    847661499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     847661499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      3017571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3017571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      3017571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      3017571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      3017571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      3017571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    850679070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    850679070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    850679070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    850679070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    850679070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    850679070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3017059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         3017059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              3017059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   43942                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               43942                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43942                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43942    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43942                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1399886680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1399886680    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1399886680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41734     99.22%     99.22% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          215      0.51%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          115      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42064                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43942                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43942                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        42064                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42064                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        86006                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   48033000                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    38541                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  46054572                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    5401                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                   2316                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  515                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     561                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               48071541                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              46059973                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        94087572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         43942                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    94131514                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   40517                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               40517                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40517                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40517    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40517                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1399891680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1399891680    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1399891680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40017     99.48%     99.48% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          211      0.52%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40228                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        40517                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40517                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40228                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40228                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        80745                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  798334377                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    40517                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                   2069                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              798374894                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       798334377                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         40517                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   798374894                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              6121                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3061                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   27630719413211.992188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  618261152675845.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          844     27.57%     27.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1660     54.23%     81.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.03%     81.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     81.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          555     18.13%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 34042727350454500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3061                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363447784385380                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84577632123841904                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   115290951228167                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   3061                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 798369875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   894304925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts             768398622                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           801904715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses              133225                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  33991383                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts    101033189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  801904715                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                     133225                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads        1208098215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        609780719                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads            152497                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            55588                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads         2520135860                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes         625135348                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                   103974487                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  57889512                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 46084975                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             115290344303734.296875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             606924432.699291                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                       130848491                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                2603      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               782530063     87.50%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                7726169      0.86%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   29287      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   7908      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                  16504      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                  10412      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  8012      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               57889512      6.47%     94.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              46084959      5.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                894309655                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         410.553504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          94122782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1319335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           71.341079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110123685113000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   410.553504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.801862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.801862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       189565155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      189565155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     46727736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      46727736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     45544974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     45544974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data       127673                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       127673                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         2367                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2367                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data       182084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data       162572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       162572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     92275077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       92275077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     92402750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      92402750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data      1010896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1010896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       281920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       281920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data        15841                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        15841                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        44318                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        44318                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data        20170                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20170                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data      1337134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total      1337134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data      1352975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total      1352975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     47738632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47738632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     45826894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     45826894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data       143514                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       143514                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        46685                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46685                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       184315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       184315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data       182742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       182742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     93612211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     93612211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     93755725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     93755725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.021176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.110379                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.110379                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.949298                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.949298                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.012104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.110374                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.110374                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       939505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          939505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements              1274611                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.811938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         798374605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          609893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs         1309.040446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110123685108000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   509.811938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1597359103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     1597359103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    797764712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     797764712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    797764712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      797764712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    797764712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     797764712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       609893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       609893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       609893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       609893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       609893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       609893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    798374605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    798374605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    798374605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    798374605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    798374605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    798374605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       609381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          609381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               609381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                 2475473                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong             2475473                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2475473                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2475473    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2475473                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -557897680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -557897680    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -557897680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2469780     99.97%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          386      0.02%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          252      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2470418                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2475473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2475473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2470418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2470418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4945891                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                  189477358                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                  2324898                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                 115351110                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                  150575                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                   1729                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  645                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     575                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses              191802256                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses             115501685                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                       304828468                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                       2475473                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                   307303941                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   49776                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               49776                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        49776                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         49776    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        49776                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -559619180                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -559619180    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -559619180                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49238     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          176      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49414                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        49776                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        49776                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        49414                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49414                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        99190                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                 1431966082                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    49776                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                   1014                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses             1432015858                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                      1431966082                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         49776                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                  1432015858                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              6441                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   26378966341940.363281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  827005408726087.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1048     32.55%     32.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1803     55.99%     88.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.03%     88.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          368     11.43%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 46697670174209000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  808287180138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940271621047968                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   176661001497519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                   3222                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                1432006767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                  1616567164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts            1380594505                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses          1465272624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses              582147                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  61362738                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts    179349823                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                 1465272624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                     582147                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads        2107369193                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes       1181042654                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            731292                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes           459528                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads         2776983808                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         858411989                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                   317131768                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                 201612407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                115519361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             176659320416690.625000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             1681080828.363064                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       245463170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               17697      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu              1283824267     79.42%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult               15167711      0.94%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   36130      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                13909      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                  51772      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                 124790      0.01%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                  68756      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                 45988      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead              201612407     12.47%     92.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite             115519345      7.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total               1616575893                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         402.535661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs         307291219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5818876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           52.809377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   402.535661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.786202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.786202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       620402850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      620402850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data    186185353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     186185353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data    114048133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    114048133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data       259399                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       259399                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data        65508                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        65508                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       435006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       435006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data       418114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       418114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data    300298994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total      300298994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data    300558393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total     300558393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data      4891822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4891822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       731620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       731620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data        16746                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16746                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data       207603                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       207603                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         8528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data        23387                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        23387                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data      5831045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      5831045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data      5847791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      5847791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data    191077175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    191077175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data    114779753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114779753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data       276145                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       276145                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data       273111                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       273111                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       443534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       443534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       441501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       441501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data    306130039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total    306130039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data    306406184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total    306406184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.025601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.006374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.060642                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.060642                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.760141                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.760141                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.019227                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019227                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.052972                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052972                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.019048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.019085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1749452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total         1749452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements              5774883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.632458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs        1432015496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          858341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs         1668.352666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   510.632458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2864889333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     2864889333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst   1431157155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1431157155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst   1431157155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total     1431157155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst   1431157155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total    1431157155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       858341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       858341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       858341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       858341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       858341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       858341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst   1432015496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1432015496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst   1432015496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total   1432015496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst   1432015496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total   1432015496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       857829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          857829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               857829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   43974                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               43974                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43974                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43974    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43974                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1196452820                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1196452820    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1196452820                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41492     99.33%     99.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          129      0.31%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          152      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41773                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43974                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43974                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41773                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41773                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        85747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                   48911825                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    38545                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  47644743                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    5429                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    713                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  198                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     211                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses               48950370                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              47650172                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        96556568                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         43974                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    96600542                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   54386                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               54386                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        54386                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         54386    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        54386                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        54143     99.92%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           44      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        54187                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        54386                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        54386                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        54187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        54187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       108573                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  804989952                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    54386                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    550                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              805044338                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       804989952                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         54386                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   805044338                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              8141                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4071                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   20864806853866.519531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  32228588493436.363281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          924     22.70%     22.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1740     42.74%     65.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     65.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.02%     65.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1405     34.51%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4071                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  451206135938                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940628702090608                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   183353446895093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   4071                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 805040097                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   902410346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             759283386                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           809368489                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               77060                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  35545519                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts    101543115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  809368489                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      77060                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads        1219514613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        615195896                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             78913                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            12854                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads         2524262485                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         627326844                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                   106535621                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  58859490                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 47676131                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             183352472923505.406250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             973971587.602824                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       132840100                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 521      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               788045740     87.33%     87.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7784131      0.86%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   35839      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   1514      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   3233      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   2084      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  1495      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead               58859490      6.52%     94.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              47676115      5.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                902414388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         432.482269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          96587924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1334118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           72.398337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   432.482269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.844692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       194513806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      194513806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data     47602378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      47602378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     47199343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47199343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data       112427                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       112427                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         1347                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1347                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data       140631                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       140631                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data       122786                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       122786                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     94803068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       94803068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     94915495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      94915495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data      1070948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1070948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       276677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       276677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data        13681                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13681                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        25152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         3266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data        19288                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19288                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data      1372777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total      1372777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data      1386458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      1386458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data     48673326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48673326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     47476020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47476020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data       126108                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       126108                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        26499                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26499                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       143897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       143897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data       142074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       142074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     96175845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     96175845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     96301953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     96301953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.108486                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.108486                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.949168                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.949168                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022697                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022697                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.135760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.135760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.014274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.014397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       900245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          900245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements              1259353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.657233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         805044139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          901488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs          893.017033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   511.657233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.999331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1610989766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1610989766                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    804142651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     804142651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    804142651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      804142651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    804142651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     804142651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       901488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       901488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       901488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       901488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       901488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       901488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    805044139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    805044139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    805044139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    805044139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    805044139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    805044139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       900976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          900976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               900976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   44506                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               44506                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        44506                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         44506    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        44506                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1424565320                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1424565320    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1424565320                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42551     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          119      0.28%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          160      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42830                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        44506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        44506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        42830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        87336                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   43745043                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    38461                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  43329778                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    6045                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                   1121                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  272                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     297                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               43783504                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              43335823                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        87074821                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         44506                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    87119327                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   32833                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               32833                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32833                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32833    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32833                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1422817820                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1422817820    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1422817820                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32548     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           92      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32640                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        32833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        32640                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32640                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        65473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  788933188                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    32833                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    919                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              788966021                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       788933188                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         32833                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   788966021                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              5209                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2605                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   32606771205768.003906                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1132886468829536.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          905     34.74%     34.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1658     63.65%     98.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     98.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.04%     98.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           40      1.54%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 46718500634831000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2605                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  440917200966                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940638991025648                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   115221695926764                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   2605                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 788962203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   881832209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             768456848                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           790616903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              102819                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  33204188                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     98600228                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  790616903                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                     102819                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1189654570                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        601722352                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            117906                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            38635                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads         2547582205                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         635319549                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    97105520                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  53743792                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 43361728                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             115221097827157.046875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             598099606.942331                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       127308821                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                1838      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               776893398     88.10%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7782465      0.88%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   17556      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   5725      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  11942      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   7352      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  5832      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               53743792      6.09%     95.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              43361712      4.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                881835834                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         370.874514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          87112569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1176495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.044147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   370.874514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.724364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.724364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       175401889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      175401889                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     42664761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42664761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     42933747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42933747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        83447                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        83447                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         1342                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1342                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data       111365                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       111365                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        94192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     85599850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       85599850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     85683297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      85683297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       907713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       907713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       258167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       258167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        10766                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10766                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        28217                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        28217                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         1697                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1697                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data        17155                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17155                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      1194097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      1194097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      1204863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      1204863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     43572474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43572474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     43191914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43191914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        94213                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        94213                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        29559                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        29559                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       113062                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       113062                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data       111347                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       111347                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     86793947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86793947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     86888160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86888160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.020832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.005977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.114273                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.114273                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.954599                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.954599                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.015009                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015009                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.154068                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.154068                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       863877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          863877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              1136878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.632451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         788965828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          443606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs         1778.528307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   510.632451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1578375262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1578375262                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    788522222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     788522222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    788522222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      788522222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    788522222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     788522222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       443606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       443606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       443606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       443606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       443606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       443606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    788965828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    788965828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    788965828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    788965828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    788965828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    788965828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       443094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          443094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               443094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   56908                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               56908                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        56908                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         56908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        56908                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1147525976                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1147525976    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1147525976                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        53272     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          298      0.55%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          124      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        53694                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        56908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        56908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        53694                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        53694                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       110602                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                   49685460                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    50220                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                  46560741                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    6688                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                   1094                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  420                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     472                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses               49735680                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses              46567429                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                        96246201                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         56908                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                    96303109                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   38553                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               38553                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38553                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38553    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38553                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1149273476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1149273476    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1149273476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        38055     99.77%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           88      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        38143                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        38553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        38143                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        38143                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        76696                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                  817131741                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    38553                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    519                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses              817170294                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                       817131741                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         38553                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                   817170294                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions              5679                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2840                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   29908670021737.785156                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1084645521561280.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1018     35.85%     35.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1779     62.64%     98.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     98.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           42      1.48%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 46718846869634496                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2840                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  457046491263                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940622861735312                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   115290951230918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                   2840                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 817163799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   914088241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts             787748332                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           820177057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses              108446                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                  34125194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts    103601840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  820177057                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                     108446                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads        1230177941                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        625735806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads            115805                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            34547                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads         2564818041                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes         646245873                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                   106258896                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  59666764                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 46592132                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             115290330879450.390625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             620351467.611279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                       133491917                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                1461      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu               799923070     87.51%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                7851240      0.86%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   31633      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    8      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   4360      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   9288      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   5844      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  4320      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead               59666764      6.53%     94.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite              46592116      5.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                914094326                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         372.464274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs          96293454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1350472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           71.303555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   372.464274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.727469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.727469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       193940452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      193940452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data     48315719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      48315719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data     46024438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     46024438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data       150935                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       150935                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         3085                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3085                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data       210122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       210122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data       188293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       188293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data     94343242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       94343242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data     94494177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      94494177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data      1038020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1038020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data       284182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       284182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data        13215                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13215                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        40349                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        40349                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data         2643                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2643                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data        22453                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22453                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data      1362551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      1362551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data      1375766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      1375766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data     49353739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49353739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data     46308620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     46308620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data       164150                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       164150                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        43434                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        43434                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       212765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       212765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data       210746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       210746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data     95705793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     95705793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data     95869943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     95869943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.021032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.080506                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.080506                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.928973                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.928973                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.106541                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106541                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       965503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          965503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements              1319121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.632444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs         817169884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          585124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs         1396.575570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   510.632444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1634924892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     1634924892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst    816584760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     816584760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst    816584760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total      816584760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst    816584760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total     816584760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       585124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       585124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       585124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       585124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       585124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       585124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst    817169884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    817169884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst    817169884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total    817169884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst    817169884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total    817169884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       584612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          584612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               584612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   39671                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               39671                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        39671                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         39671    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        39671                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -901784476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -901784476    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -901784476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        38792     99.32%     99.32% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          159      0.41%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          107      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39058                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        39671                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        39671                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        39058                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39058                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        78729                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                   43941724                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    34682                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  43569601                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                    4989                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    789                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  363                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     227                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses               43976406                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              43574590                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                        87511325                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         39671                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                    87550996                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   24104                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               24104                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        24104                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         24104    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        24104                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -902989476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -902989476    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -902989476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23869     99.74%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           63      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23932                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        24104                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        24104                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        23932                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23932                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        48036                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                  779180216                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    24104                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    608                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses              779204320                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                       779180216                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         24104                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                   779204320                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              5421                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2711                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   31197948480118.953125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  897674262431495.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          691     25.49%     25.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1581     58.32%     83.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          439     16.19%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 46719313470854000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2711                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363441578625658                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84577638329602480                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   183317041337954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                   2711                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 779201772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   872313247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts             758531392                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           781848290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               84381                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  33160043                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts     97537820                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  781848290                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      84381                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads        1180234915                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        594083739                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             89073                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            18241                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads         2511895047                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         618577048                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                    97432940                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                  53833788                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 43599152                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             183316100038208.781250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             941299745.231057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       126305113                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 811      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu               767164773     87.95%     87.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                7677960      0.88%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   21956      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   2377      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   5033      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   3244      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  2381      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead               53833788      6.17%     95.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              43599136      5.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                872315623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         391.684896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs          87543171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1096485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.839825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110128476378500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   391.684896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.765010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.765010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.728516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       176186283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      176186283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data     42947756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42947756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     43178782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43178782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        73822                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        73822                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1307                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1307                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data       107272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       107272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        92076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        92076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data     86127845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       86127845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data     86201667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      86201667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       832750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       832750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       257125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       257125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         9728                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9728                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data        25790                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25790                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data         1540                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1540                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data        15223                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15223                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data      1115665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total      1115665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data      1125393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total      1125393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data     43780506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43780506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     43435907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43435907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        83550                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        83550                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data        27097                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        27097                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       108812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       108812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data       107299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       107299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data     87243510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87243510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data     87327060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87327060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.019021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.116433                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.116433                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.951766                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.951766                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.014153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.141875                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.141875                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       810107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          810107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements              1058136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.811909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs         779204148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          450981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs         1727.798173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110128476373500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   509.811909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1558859277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     1558859277                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst    778753167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     778753167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst    778753167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total      778753167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst    778753167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total     778753167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       450981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       450981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       450981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       450981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       450981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       450981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst    779204148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    779204148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst    779204148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total    779204148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst    779204148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total    779204148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       450469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          450469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               450469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                 2406256                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong             2406256                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2406256                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2406256    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2406256                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -371784976                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -371784976    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -371784976                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2364222     98.30%     98.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        38651      1.61%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2223      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2405096                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2406256                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2406256                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2405096                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2405096                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4811352                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                  239825664                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                  2319862                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                 211811110                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                   86394                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    918                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                80601                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     412                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses              242145526                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses             211897504                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                       451636774                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                       2406256                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                   454043030                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                 4259946                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong             4259946                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      4259946                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       4259946    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      4259946                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -373008476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -373008476    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -373008476                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      4220726     99.08%     99.08% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        39022      0.92%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      4259748                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      4259946                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      4259946                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      4259748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      4259748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      8519694                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                 1739106708                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                  4259946                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    438                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses             1743366654                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                      1739106708                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                       4259946                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                  1743366654                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions             83810                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        41905                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2018304673609.522949                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  17539127313849.257812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         4998     11.93%     11.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        34143     81.48%     93.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            3      0.01%     93.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11           12      0.03%     93.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.00%     93.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            2      0.00%     93.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            2      0.00%     93.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11           12      0.03%     93.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.00%     93.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.00%     93.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::6.5e+11-7e+11            1      0.00%     93.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            9      0.02%     93.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            2      0.00%     93.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12           13      0.03%     93.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         2705      6.46%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2964010255576000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         41905                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  364022560620754                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84577057347607056                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   183376405967921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                  41905                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                1743217441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                  2033098872                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts            1045322690                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses          1851481785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses            24148849                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                 106280460                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts    229642753                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                 1851481785                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                   24148849                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads        2707391901                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes       1437924202                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads          35208759                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes         21455494                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads         2697004185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes         823827442                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                   463228297                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                 251385296                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                211843001                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             183374211245254.875000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             2194722666.129412                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000012                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999988                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                       342818625                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass             1047225      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu              1539665309     75.72%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                9828183      0.48%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                  735095      0.04%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                3511188      0.17%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                7510385      0.37%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                4188900      0.21%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc               3529161      0.17%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead              251385296     12.36%     89.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite             211842985     10.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total               2033247887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         448.110042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs         453937146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        14567488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.160976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110129006359500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   448.110042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.875215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       922442164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      922442164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data    225265877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     225265877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data    204778490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    204778490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data      1827516                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      1827516                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data       243457                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       243457                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data      3399801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3399801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data      3127822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      3127822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data    430287824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total      430287824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data    432115340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total     432115340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data     10976629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10976629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data      2500661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2500661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data       494012                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       494012                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data       837626                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       837626                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data       111201                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       111201                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data       374054                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       374054                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data     14314916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total     14314916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data     14808928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total     14808928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data    236242506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    236242506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data    207279151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    207279151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data      2321528                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      2321528                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data      1081083                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1081083                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data      3511002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      3511002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data      3501876                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      3501876                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data    444602740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total    444602740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data    446924268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total    446924268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.046463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.212796                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.212796                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.774803                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.774803                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.031672                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031672                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.106815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.032197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.033135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6401963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total         6401963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements             14085984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.811906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs        1743366456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs        39590208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           44.035294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110129006354500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   509.811906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3526323120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     3526323120                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst   1703776248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1703776248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst   1703776248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total     1703776248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst   1703776248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total    1703776248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst     39590208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     39590208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst     39590208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total     39590208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst     39590208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total     39590208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst   1743366456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1743366456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst   1743366456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total   1743366456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst   1743366456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total   1743366456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.022709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.022709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.022709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks     39589696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total        39589696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements             39589696                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   63056                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               63056                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        63056                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         63056    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        63056                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    478580524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     478580524    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    478580524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        57375     99.37%     99.37% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          202      0.35%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          160      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        57737                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        63056                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        63056                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        57737                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        57737                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       120793                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                   50322646                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    55378                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                  47195642                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    7678                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                   2127                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  521                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     572                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses               50378024                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses              47203320                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                        97518288                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         63056                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                    97581344                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   60378                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               60378                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        60378                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         60378    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        60378                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    476814524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0     476814524    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total    476814524                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        59744     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          199      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        59943                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        60378                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        60378                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        59943                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        59943                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       120321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                  802540043                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    60378                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                   1787                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses              802600421                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                       802540043                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         60378                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                   802600421                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              6526                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3263                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   25920203275396.238281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  523377901645362.562500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          991     30.37%     30.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1659     50.84%     81.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     81.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.03%     81.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          611     18.73%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 29699128592100000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3263                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  363456620609782                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84577623287617920                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   183301565113653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                   3264                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 802590987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   899629760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts             763288622                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           806514630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses              223885                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  34621541                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts    103571625                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  806514630                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                     223885                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads        1209314871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        613184115                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads            286461                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes           145674                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads         2505596210                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         628151487                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                   107476373                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  60248829                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 47227544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             183300594411768.093750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             970701884.892073                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       133749312                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                7200      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu               784360692     87.19%     87.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                7647280      0.85%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   23589      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                  23316      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                  44803      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                  28800      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                 22564      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead               60248829      6.70%     94.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite              47227528      5.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                899638759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         380.518934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs          97568018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1342580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           72.672033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110129856725000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   380.518934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.743201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.743201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       196479000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      196479000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data     48898059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      48898059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data     46622540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     46622540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data       185315                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       185315                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         3569                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3569                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data       232822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       232822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data       209000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       209000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data     95524168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       95524168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data     95709483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      95709483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data      1031763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1031763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       286438                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       286438                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data        18903                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        18903                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        52074                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        52074                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data         2730                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2730                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data        24805                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        24805                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data      1370275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total      1370275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data      1389178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total      1389178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data     49929822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49929822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data     46908978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     46908978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data       204218                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       204218                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        55643                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55643                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       235552                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       235552                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data       233805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       233805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data     96894443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     96894443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data     97098661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     97098661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.020664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.006106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.092563                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.092563                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.935859                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.935859                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.011590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.106093                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106093                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.014142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.014307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       909418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          909418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements              1281171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.811901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs         802599986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          721093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs         1113.032558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7110129856720000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   509.811901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1605921065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     1605921065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst    801878893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     801878893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst    801878893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total      801878893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst    801878893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total     801878893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       721093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       721093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       721093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       721093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       721093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       721093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst    802599986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    802599986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst    802599986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total    802599986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst    802599986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total    802599986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       720581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          720581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               720581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  573618                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              573618                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       573618                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        573618    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       573618                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       562769     98.27%     98.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         9387      1.64%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          500      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       572656                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       573618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       573618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       572656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       572656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1146274                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   96926049                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   550657                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  89249918                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                   22961                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    459                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                18209                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     131                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               97476706                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              89272879                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                       186175967                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        573618                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                   186749585                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                 1094995                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong             1094995                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1094995                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1094995    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1094995                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1086035     99.19%     99.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         8848      0.81%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1094883                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1094995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1094995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1094883                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1094883                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2189878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                 1041182633                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                  1094995                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    323                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses             1042277628                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                      1041182633                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                       1094995                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                  1042277628                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions             37442                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        18721                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4537176726304.558594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  27404006657151.289062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         4470     23.88%     23.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        12596     67.28%     91.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.01%     91.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            4      0.02%     91.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            2      0.01%     91.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            2      0.01%     91.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.02%     91.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            3      0.02%     91.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.01%     91.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1638      8.75%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2963985696066000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         18721                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  594415080680                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940485493147648                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   183259935896249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                  18722                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                1042237387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                  1188801167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             825807562                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses          1074628675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             5515275                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  53962747                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts    132428026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                 1074628675                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    5515275                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads        1597922286                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        825259481                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           8004830                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          4832667                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads         2575348975                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes         676904197                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                   196477625                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                 107197891                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 89279734                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             183258653448841.156250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             1282447407.853489                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                       184970869                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass              235791      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               979405162     82.38%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                8289868      0.70%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                  208683      0.02%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 790710      0.07%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                1691446      0.14%     83.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 943164      0.08%     83.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                794641      0.07%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead              107197891      9.02%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              89279718      7.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total               1188841296                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         429.838689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs         186711581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4678775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.906082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   429.838689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.839529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       378102193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      378102193                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     92242973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      92242973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     87131329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     87131329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       548233                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       548233                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data        48695                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        48695                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       949630                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       949630                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       860139                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       860139                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data    179422997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total      179422997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data    179971230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total     179971230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      3545825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3545825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       886455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       886455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data       134498                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       134498                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data       220626                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       220626                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data        30312                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        30312                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data       112866                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       112866                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      4652906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      4652906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      4787404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      4787404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     95788798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     95788798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     88017784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     88017784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       682731                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       682731                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data       269321                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       269321                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       979942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       979942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       973005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       973005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data    184075903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total    184075903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data    184758634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total    184758634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.037017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.010071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.197000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.197000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.819193                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.819193                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.030932                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030932                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.115997                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.115997                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.025277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.025912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2321357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total         2321357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              4478119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.608910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs        1042277516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs        10673420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           97.651691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   511.608910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.999236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2095228452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     2095228452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst   1031604096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1031604096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst   1031604096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total     1031604096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst   1031604096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total    1031604096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst     10673420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     10673420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst     10673420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total     10673420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst     10673420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total     10673420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst   1042277516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1042277516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst   1042277516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total   1042277516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst   1042277516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total   1042277516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.010240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.010240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.010240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks     10672908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total        10672908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements             10672908                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                 3266259                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong             3266259                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      3266259                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       3266259    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      3266259                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      3261373     99.89%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         3383      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           54      0.00%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      3264810                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      3266259                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      3266259                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      3264810                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      3264810                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      6531069                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                 1167035096                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                  2863229                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                1044229688                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                  403030                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    328                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults               136060                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                      77                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses             1169898325                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses            1044632718                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                      2211264784                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                       3266259                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                  2214531043                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                19839688                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong            19839688                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples     19839688                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0      19839688    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total     19839688                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K     19783411     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        56172      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total     19839583                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst     19839688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total     19839688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst     19839583                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total     19839583                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total     39679271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 5961340873                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                 19839688                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    303                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             5981180561                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      5961340873                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                      19839688                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  5981180561                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            837694                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       418847                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   202788896265.862549                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2466309885543.276855                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows       400050     95.51%     95.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        15983      3.82%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.00%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.00%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         2812      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total        418847                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3559074037707                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84937520834267728                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   183376406344863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                 418847                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                5979760557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  7116738072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts            1412148719                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          6641295056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses            12530910                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                 479113702                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    839628841                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 6641295056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                   12530910                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        9513045999                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes       5104139307                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads          13268805                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          7436045                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads         3650555139                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes        1726521950                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                  2220807074                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                1176914664                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts               1043892410                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             183368722781081.843750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             7683563781.171348                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000042                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999958                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                      1356947398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass              286674      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              4878810332     68.54%     68.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult               12701515      0.18%     68.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  806347      0.01%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 857356      0.01%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                1796244      0.03%     68.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                1146696      0.02%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                941527      0.01%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead             1176914664     16.53%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite            1043892394     14.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               7118157971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         498.436341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs        2214439375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        55591111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.834415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   498.436341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.973508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      4484470629                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses     4484470629                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data   1087362077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total    1087362077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data   1006719030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total   1006719030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data     15900506                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total     15900506                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       726265                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       726265                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data     23375858                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     23375858                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data     23816489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     23816489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data   2094807372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total     2094807372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data   2110707878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total    2110707878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data     39584790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     39584790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data     10052675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10052675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data      2797502                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      2797502                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data      2875122                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      2875122                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       837143                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       837143                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data       391918                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       391918                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data     52512587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total     52512587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data     55310089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total     55310089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data   1126946867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1126946867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data   1016771705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1016771705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data     18698008                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total     18698008                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3601387                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      3601387                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     24213001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     24213001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data     24208407                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     24208407                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data   2147319959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2147319959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data   2166017967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2166017967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.009887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.149615                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.149615                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.798337                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.798337                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.034574                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034574                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.016189                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016189                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     29226558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total        29226558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements             54788331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.987147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        5981180456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs       195686025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           30.565190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.987147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses     12158046937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses    12158046937                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   5785494431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    5785494431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   5785494431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     5785494431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   5785494431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    5785494431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst    195686025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total    195686025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst    195686025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total    195686025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst    195686025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total    195686025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   5981180456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5981180456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   5981180456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   5981180456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   5981180456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   5981180456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.032717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.032717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.032717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks    195685513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total       195685513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements            195685513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                 1225500                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong             1225500                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1225500                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1225500    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1225500                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1202806     98.31%     98.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        19589      1.60%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         1084      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1223479                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1225500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1225500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1223479                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1223479                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2448979                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                  151168250                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                  1178514                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                 134393283                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                   46986                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                   1134                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                40214                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     426                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses              152346764                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses             134440269                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                       285561533                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                       1225500                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                   286787033                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                 2219216                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong             2219216                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2219216                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2219216    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2219216                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2199537     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        19334      0.87%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2218871                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      2219216                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2219216                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      2218871                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2218871                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4438087                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                 1315920243                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                  2219216                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             18862                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   145                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    531                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses             1318139459                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                      1315920243                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                       2219216                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                  1318139459                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions             53368                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        26684                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3183192963737.078613                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  13381771465209                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         4657     17.45%     17.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        19962     74.81%     92.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            3      0.01%     92.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.00%     92.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.00%     92.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.01%     92.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            6      0.02%     92.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            5      0.02%     92.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         2047      7.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         26684                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  758863867444                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 84940321044360208                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   183255455960221                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                  26685                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                1318060084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                  1517665971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             922287685                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses          1377530530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses            11983807                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  73059858                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts    170483909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                 1377530530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                   11983807                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        2027192871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes       1065899770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads          17438062                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes         10598035                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads         2669204386                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         751562393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                   296413368                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                 161990317                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                134423051                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             183253818755439.062500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             1637204781.925122                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000009                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999991                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       245050601                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass              516952      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu              1202198261     79.21%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                8963799      0.59%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                  396160      0.03%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    8      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                1733464      0.11%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                3707917      0.24%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                2067808      0.14%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc               1743123      0.11%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              161990317     10.67%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite             134423035      8.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total               1517745001                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         432.419113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs         286723300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         8390075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.174105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   432.419113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.844569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.640625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       581836803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      581836803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data    142660023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     142660023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data    130448056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    130448056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data      1058408                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      1058408                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data       118255                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       118255                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data      1885484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1885484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data      1728794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1728794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data    273226334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total      273226334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data    274284742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total     274284742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data      6366473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6366473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data      1453420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1453420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data       269594                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       269594                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data       455737                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       455737                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data        64797                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        64797                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data       214259                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       214259                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      8275630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      8275630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      8545224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      8545224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data    149026496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    149026496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data    131901476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    131901476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1328002                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1328002                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data       573992                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       573992                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1950281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1950281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1943053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1943053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data    281501964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total    281501964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data    282829966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total    282829966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.042720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.011019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.203007                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.203007                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.793978                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.793978                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.033224                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033224                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.110269                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.110269                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.030213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3891471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total         3891471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements              8058892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.828240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs        1318139114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs        20932046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           62.972302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.828240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.999665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2657210274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     2657210274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst   1297207068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1297207068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst   1297207068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total     1297207068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst   1297207068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total    1297207068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst     20932046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     20932046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst     20932046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total     20932046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst     20932046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total     20932046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst   1318139114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1318139114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst   1318139114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total   1318139114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst   1318139114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total   1318139114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.015880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.015880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.015880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks     20931534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total        20931534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements             20931534                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                13939                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               13939                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              542131                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             542131                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        24128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        37488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1074652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1074652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1112140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        26596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34300272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34300272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34326868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.931624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 537326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               537326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7110118608581001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.931624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.995727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4835934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4835934                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           4526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             4526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          537326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            537326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         537326                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           537326                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        537326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          537326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       537326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         537326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    537310                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               15561.686102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                   9997396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 1530661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                    6.531424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1425.751497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    37.286814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    45.861849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   2274.608175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data  11778.177768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.002276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.002799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.138831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.718883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.949810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008728                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                21593243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               21593243                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       155491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       346467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                501958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1625419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1625419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1858527                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        1858527                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WriteClean_hits::writebacks          1323                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l200.WriteClean_hits::total               1323                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           656                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total                656                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         210501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              210501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      1779774                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1779774                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      1254230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1254230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         3569                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3569                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       155491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       346467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           1779774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data           1464731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                3746463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       155491                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       346467                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          1779774                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data          1464731                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total               3746463                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        69441                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            69441                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        24623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          24623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       606122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            606122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        79279                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          79279                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       798862                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        798862                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        28537                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total         28537                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           79279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         1404984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              1487187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1870                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1054                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          79279                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        1404984                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             1487187                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       157361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       347521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total            504882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1625419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1625419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1858527                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1858527                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks         1323                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WriteClean_accesses::total           1323                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        70097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        24878                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        24878                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       816623                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total          816623                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      1859053                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1859053                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      2053092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2053092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        32106                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        32106                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       157361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       347521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       1859053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       2869715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total            5233650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       157361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       347521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      1859053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      2869715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total           5233650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.990642                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.990642                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.989750                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989750                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.742230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.742230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.042645                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.042645                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.389102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.888837                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.888837                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.042645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.489590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.284159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.042645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.489590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.284159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             629092                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  629092                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      1351909                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse               13382.173642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                   4038757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  346063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                   11.670583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1772.656329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    54.083677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    74.501393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   4555.057081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   6925.875161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.108194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.003301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.004547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.278019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.422722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.816783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008789                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906921                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 8480737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                8480737                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       143960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       145992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                289952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       855730                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total         855730                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       654214                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         654214                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          2016                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2016                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data         157439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total              157439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       603701                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           603701                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       779052                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          779052                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         7669                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            7669                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       143960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       145992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            603701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            936491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                1830144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       143960                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       145992                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           603701                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           936491                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total               1830144                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        38949                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total            38949                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        17957                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          17957                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        67049                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             67049                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        51098                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          51098                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       189836                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        189836                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        26668                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total         26668                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           51098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data          256885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               310960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2187                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          790                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          51098                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data         256885                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              310960                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       146147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       146782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total            292929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       855730                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       855730                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       654214                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       654214                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        40965                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          40965                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        18293                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        18293                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       224488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total          224488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       654799                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       654799                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       968888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       968888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        34337                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        34337                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       146147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       146782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        654799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data       1193376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total            2141104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       146147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       146782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       654799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      1193376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total           2141104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.005382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.950787                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.950787                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.981632                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981632                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.298675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.298675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.078036                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.078036                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.195932                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.195932                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.776655                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.776655                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.005382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.078036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.215259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.145233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.005382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.078036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.215259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.145233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              97842                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   97842                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                       225668                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               14461.731933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                  22269825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                 3900772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                    5.709081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            7110118491730500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1340.537136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    55.052238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    66.031529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   2851.777461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data  10148.333570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.081820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.174059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.619405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.882674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007751                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888123                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                49027586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses               49027586                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      7374100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       240987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total               7615087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1907769                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1907769                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1387248                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total        1387248                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          3358                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total               3358                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data         260942                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total              260942                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      1274621                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1274621                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      2083640                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2083640                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         7095                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total            7095                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      7374100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       240987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst           1274621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data           2344582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total               11234290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      7374100                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       240987                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst          1274621                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data          2344582                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total              11234290                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        48518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               50378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        44525                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total            44525                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        25378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          25378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data       460643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total            460643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst       113349                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         113349                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data      2971261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2971261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data       276418                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total        276418                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        48518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst          113349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data         3431904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total              3595631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        48518                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1860                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst         113349                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data        3431904                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total             3595631                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      7422618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       242847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total           7665465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1907769                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1907769                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1387248                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1387248                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        47883                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          47883                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        25675                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        25675                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       721585                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total          721585                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      1387970                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1387970                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      5054901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5054901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       283513                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       283513                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      7422618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       242847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst       1387970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data       5776486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total           14829921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      7422618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       242847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst      1387970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      5776486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total          14829921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.006537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.007659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.006572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.929871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.929871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.988432                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988432                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.638377                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.638377                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.081665                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.081665                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.587798                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.587798                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.974975                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.974975                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.006537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.007659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.081665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.594116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.006537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.007659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.081665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.594116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks             806262                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                  806262                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                      3756269                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               14615.698347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                   3763211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                  340944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                   11.037622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2134.809915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    65.045404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    69.051244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   4399.974167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   7946.817616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.130298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.003970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.268553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.485035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.892071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008362                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.874451                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 7924218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                7924218                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       147422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       115815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                263237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       860570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total         860570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       523982                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         523982                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          1612                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1612                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data         169978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total              169978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       480465                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           480465                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       770345                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          770345                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         5215                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5215                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       147422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       115815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            480465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data            940323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                1684025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       147422                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       115815                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           480465                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data           940323                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total               1684025                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        40021                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total            40021                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        20702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          20702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        60537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             60537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        44058                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          44058                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       204494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        204494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        25737                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total         25737                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           44058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data          265031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total               311757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1969                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          699                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          44058                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data         265031                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total              311757                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       149391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       116514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total            265905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       860570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       860570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       523982                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       523982                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        41633                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          41633                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        20971                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        20971                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       230515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total          230515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       524523                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       524523                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       974839                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       974839                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        30952                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        30952                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       149391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       116514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        524523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data       1205354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total            1995782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       149391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       116514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       524523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      1205354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total           1995782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.013180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.961281                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.961281                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.987173                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987173                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.262616                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.262616                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.083996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.083996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.209772                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.209772                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.831513                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.831513                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.013180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.083996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.219878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.156208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.013180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.083996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.219878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.156208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              84289                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   84289                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                       211329                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               14138.426645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                  11668809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  587618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   19.857814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1074.683965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    81.678580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker   101.302487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   5259.557921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   7621.203693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.065594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.321018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.465161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.862941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009521                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835205                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                23999222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses               23999222                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       597726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       922854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total               1520580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1177687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1177687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3017047                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total        3017047                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           201                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                201                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         283723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              283723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      2924168                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          2924168                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data      1340513                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1340513                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        58337                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total           58337                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       597726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       922854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst           2924168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data           1624236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                6068984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       597726                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       922854                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst          2924168                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data          1624236                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               6068984                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                4601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        54293                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            54293                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        39016                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          39016                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        77660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             77660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        93403                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          93403                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       282607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        282607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        23104                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total         23104                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           93403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          360267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               458271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3516                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1085                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          93403                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         360267                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              458271                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       601242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       923939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total           1525181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1177687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1177687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3017047                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3017047                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        54494                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          54494                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        39161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        39161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       361383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          361383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      3017571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      3017571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1623120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1623120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        81441                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        81441                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       601242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       923939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst       3017571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data       1984503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            6527255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       601242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       923939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      3017571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      1984503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           6527255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.003017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.996312                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.996312                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.996297                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996297                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.214897                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.214897                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.030953                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.030953                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.174113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.283690                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.283690                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.030953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.181540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.070209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.030953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.181540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.070209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks             117717                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                  117717                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       371466                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               13574.028856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                   4061642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                  359945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                   11.284063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            7110123685108000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1537.485504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    60.751033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    74.021394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   4760.450024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   7141.320902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.093841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.290555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.435872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.828493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008240                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851013                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                 8562109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                8562109                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       114886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       114866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                229752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       939505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total         939505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       609355                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total         609355                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          1094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data         177222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total              177222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       556938                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           556938                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       836984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          836984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         6120                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            6120                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       114886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       114866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst            556938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data           1014206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                1800896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       114886                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       114866                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst           556938                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data          1014206                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total               1800896                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        34760                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total            34760                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        19790                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          19790                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data        68844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total             68844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        52955                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          52955                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       191984                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        191984                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        38198                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total         38198                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           52955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data          260828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total               316173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1554                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          836                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          52955                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data         260828                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total              316173                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       116440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       115702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total            232142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       939505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       939505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       609355                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total       609355                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        35854                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          35854                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        20170                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        20170                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       246066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total          246066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       609893                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       609893                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data      1028968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1028968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        44318                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        44318                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       116440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       115702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst        609893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data       1275034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total            2117069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       116440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       115702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst       609893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1275034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total           2117069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.013346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.969487                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.969487                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.981160                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981160                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.279779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.279779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.086827                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.086827                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.186579                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186579                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.861907                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.861907                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.013346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.086827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.204566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.149345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.013346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.086827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.204566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.149345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks             102687                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                  102687                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                       247448                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               14583.712527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                  20675928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                 3792887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    5.451238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1790.378456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    60.145471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    73.722027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   4770.366125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   7889.100448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.109276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.004500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.291160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.481512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.890119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007080                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.897583                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                45584293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses               45584293                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      7298520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       139006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total               7437526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1749452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1749452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       857762                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         857762                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          3243                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total               3243                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data         260386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total              260386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       776478                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           776478                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data      1956509                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1956509                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         6690                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            6690                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      7298520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       139006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            776478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data           2216895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total               10430899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      7298520                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       139006                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           776478                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data          2216895                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total              10430899                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        88470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker         1558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               90028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        34142                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total            34142                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        22966                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          22966                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data       433849                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total            433849                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        81863                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          81863                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data      2960587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2960587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data       200913                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total        200913                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        88470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker         1558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           81863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data         3394436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total              3566327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        88470                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker         1558                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          81863                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data        3394436                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total             3566327                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      7386990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       140564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total           7527554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1749452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1749452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       857762                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       857762                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        37385                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          37385                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        23387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        23387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       694235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total          694235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       858341                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       858341                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data      4917096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4917096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data       207603                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       207603                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      7386990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       140564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        858341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data       5611331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total           13997226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      7386990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       140564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       858341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      5611331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total          13997226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.011976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.913254                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.913254                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.981999                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981999                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.624931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.624931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.095374                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.095374                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.602101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.602101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.967775                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.967775                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.011976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.095374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.604925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.254788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.011976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.095374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.604925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.254788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks             723103                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                  723103                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                      3679247                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               14179.612757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                   4724674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                  334433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                   14.127416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2487.339602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    64.748005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    64.230219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   4322.596546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   7240.698384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.151815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.003952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.003920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.263830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.441937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.865455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007751                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845825                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 9829843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                9829843                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       115492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       159363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                274855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       900245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total         900245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       900945                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         900945                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          1371                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1371                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data         157116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total              157116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       863714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           863714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       883606                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          883606                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         4179                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4179                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       115492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       159363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            863714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data           1040722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                2179291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       115492                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       159363                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           863714                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data          1040722                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total               2179291                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        54229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total            54229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        19059                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          19059                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        63961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             63961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        37774                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          37774                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data       204289                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        204289                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        20973                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total         20973                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           37774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data          268250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total               308434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1770                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          640                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          37774                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data         268250                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total              308434                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       117262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       160003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total            277265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       900245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       900245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       900945                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       900945                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        55600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          55600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        19288                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19288                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       221077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total          221077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       901488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       901488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data      1087895                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1087895                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        25152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        25152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       117262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       160003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        901488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data       1308972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total            2487725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       117262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       160003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       901488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      1308972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total           2487725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.015094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.975342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.975342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.988127                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988127                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.289315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.289315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041902                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.041902                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.187784                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.187784                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.833850                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.833850                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.015094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.204932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.123982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.015094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.204932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.123982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              79674                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   79674                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                       180350                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               11783.170630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                   3441248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                  281514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                   12.224074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1710.223184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    53.843674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    73.918352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   4504.179711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   5441.005709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.104384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.003286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.004512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.274913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.332093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.719188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010193                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.827637                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                 7213694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses                7213694                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       122171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        95436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                217607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       863877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total         863877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       443073                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total         443073                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          1099                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1099                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data         166102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total              166102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       410877                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           410877                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       759209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          759209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         4534                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4534                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       122171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        95436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst            410877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data            925311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                1553795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       122171                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        95436                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst           410877                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data           925311                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total               1553795                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        28958                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total            28958                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        16890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          16890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        62008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total             62008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        32729                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          32729                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data       160967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        160967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        23683                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total         23683                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           32729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data          222975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total               257206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1167                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          335                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          32729                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data         222975                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total              257206                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       123338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        95771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total            219109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       863877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       863877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       443073                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total       443073                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        30057                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          30057                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        17155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        17155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       228110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total          228110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       443606                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       443606                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       920176                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       920176                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        28217                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        28217                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       123338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        95771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        443606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       1148286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total            1811001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       123338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        95771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst       443606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      1148286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total           1811001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.006855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.963436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.963436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.984553                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984553                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.271834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.271834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.073779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.073779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.174931                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174931                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.839317                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.839317                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.009462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.073779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.194181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.142024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.009462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.073779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.194181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.142024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              87816                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   87816                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                       176215                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               14289.381546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                   4109036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                  367835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                   11.170867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1826.494407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    60.258376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    66.725136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   4828.789305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   7507.114322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.111480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.003678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.294726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.458198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.872155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.834473                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 8652903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                8652903                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       143215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker       107663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                250878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       965503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total         965503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       584577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         584577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          2112                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2112                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data         193005                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total              193005                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       529091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           529091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       849780                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          849780                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         8850                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            8850                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       143215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker       107663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            529091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data           1042785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                1822754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       143215                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker       107663                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           529091                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data          1042785                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total               1822754                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        25808                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25808                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        21999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          21999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        63257                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             63257                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        56033                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          56033                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data       204098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        204098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        31499                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total         31499                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           56033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data          267355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total               325716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1575                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          753                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          56033                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data         267355                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total              325716                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       144790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker       108416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total            253206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       965503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       965503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       584577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       584577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        27920                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          27920                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        22453                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22453                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data       256262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total          256262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       585124                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       585124                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1053878                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1053878                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        40349                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        40349                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       144790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker       108416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        585124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data       1310140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total            2148470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       144790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker       108416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       585124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      1310140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total           2148470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.010878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.924355                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.924355                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.979780                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.979780                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.246845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.246845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.095763                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.095763                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.193664                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.193664                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.780664                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.780664                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.010878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.095763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.204066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.151604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.010878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.095763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.204066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.151604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks             103675                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                  103675                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                       270636                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse               13061.200925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                   3257661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                  255482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                   12.751039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            7110128476373500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1757.593114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    61.528320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    66.255931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   4458.452383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   6717.371177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.107275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.003755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.004044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.272122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.409996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.797192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009277                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832520                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                 6816134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                6816134                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker       109155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        67995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                177150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       810107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total         810107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       450451                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         450451                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           226                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total                226                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data         175329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total              175329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       418328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           418328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data       698606                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          698606                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         3385                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3385                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker       109155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        67995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            418328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data            873935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                1469413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker       109155                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        67995                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           418328                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data           873935                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total               1469413                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        30217                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total            30217                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        15046                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          15046                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data        51353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total             51353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        32653                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          32653                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data       145412                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        145412                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data        22405                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total         22405                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           32653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data          196765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total               231215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1426                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          371                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst          32653                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data         196765                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total              231215                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker       110581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        68366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total            178947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       810107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       810107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       450451                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       450451                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        30443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          30443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        15223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        15223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       226682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total          226682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       450981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       450981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       844018                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       844018                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data        25790                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        25790                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker       110581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        68366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        450981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data       1070700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total            1700628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker       110581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        68366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       450981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      1070700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total           1700628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.005427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.992576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.988373                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988373                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.226542                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.226542                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.072404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.072404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.172285                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.172285                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.868748                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.868748                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.005427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.072404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.183772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.135959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.005427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.072404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.183772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.135959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks              76577                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                   76577                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                       170302                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               14299.299689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                 128316265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                 2983705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                   43.005681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            7110129006354500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1216.855498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker   115.718342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker   132.056605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   5683.056518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   7151.612726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.074271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.007063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.346866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.436500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.872760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013733                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888245                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses               259908241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses              259908241                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker      7128952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker     12730764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total              19859716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6401963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total        6401963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     39589673                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total       39589673                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           695                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                695                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data        2001563                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total             2001563                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst     39136432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         39136432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data     10217241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10217241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data       785057                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total          785057                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker      7128952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker     12730764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst          39136432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data          12218804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total               71214952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker      7128952                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker     12730764                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst         39136432                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data         12218804                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total              71214952                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker        36309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker         6589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               42898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data       351631                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total           351631                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data       373806                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         373806                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data       146772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total            146772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst       453776                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         453776                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data      1364601                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       1364601                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        52569                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total         52569                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker        36309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker         6589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst          453776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data         1511373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total              2008047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker        36309                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker         6589                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst         453776                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data        1511373                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total             2008047                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker      7165261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker     12737353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total          19902614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6401963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6401963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     39589673                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total     39589673                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data       352326                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         352326                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data       374054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       374054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data      2148335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2148335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     39590208                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     39590208                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data     11581842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11581842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data       837626                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       837626                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker      7165261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker     12737353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst      39590208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      13730177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total           73222999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker      7165261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker     12737353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     39590208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     13730177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total          73222999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.005067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.998027                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998027                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.999337                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999337                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.068319                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.068319                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.011462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.117822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.062760                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.062760                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.005067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.011462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.110077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.027424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.005067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.011462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.110077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.027424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks             209067                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                  209067                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                      1203767                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               14063.343624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                   4419686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                  441513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                   10.010319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            7110129856720000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2357.882450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    57.007994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    69.898461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   4509.563241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   7068.991478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.143914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.003479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.004266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.275242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.431457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.858358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008179                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927551                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 9371537                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                9371537                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       152319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       170243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                322562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       909418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total         909418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       720542                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         720542                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          3840                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total               3840                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data         157545                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total              157545                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       658235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           658235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       807062                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          807062                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data        10501                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total           10501                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       152319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       170243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            658235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data            964607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                1945404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       152319                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       170243                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           658235                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data           964607                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total               1945404                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        45440                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total            45440                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        24195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          24195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        79613                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total             79613                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        62858                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          62858                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data       246334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        246334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        41573                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total         41573                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           62858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data          325947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total               392053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          943                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          62858                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data         325947                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total              392053                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       154624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       171186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total            325810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       909418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       909418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       720542                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       720542                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        49280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          49280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        24805                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        24805                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       237158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total          237158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       721093                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       721093                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data      1053396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1053396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        52074                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        52074                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       154624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       171186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        721093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data       1290554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total            2337457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       154624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       171186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       721093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      1290554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total           2337457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.014907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.922078                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.922078                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.975408                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975408                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.335696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.335696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.087170                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.087170                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.233847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.233847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.798345                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.798345                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.014907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.087170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.252564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.167726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.014907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.087170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.252564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.167726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks             115709                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                  115709                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                       285662                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               13704.582258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                  35685178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  992550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   35.953028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1562.012076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   124.802376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   140.053630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5291.745643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   6585.968533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.095338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.007617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.322983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.401976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.836461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.016296                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800476                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                72454112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses               72454112                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1696401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      3271986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total               4968387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2321357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2321357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     10672895                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total       10672895                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           535                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                535                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data         661177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total              661177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst     10532933                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         10532933                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data      3217207                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3217207                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data       189724                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total          189724                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1696401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      3271986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst          10532933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data           3878384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total               19379704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1696401                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      3271986                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst         10532933                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data          3878384                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total              19379704                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         6317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         1445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                7762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data       137870                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total           137870                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data       112767                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         112767                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        86873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total             86873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst       140487                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         140487                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       493428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        493428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        30902                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total         30902                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         6317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst          140487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data          580301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total               728550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         6317                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         1445                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst         140487                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data         580301                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total              728550                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1702718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      3273431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total           4976149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2321357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2321357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     10672895                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total     10672895                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data       138405                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         138405                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data       112866                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       112866                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       748050                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total          748050                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     10673420                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     10673420                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      3710635                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3710635                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data       220626                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       220626                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1702718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      3273431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst      10673420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data       4458685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total           20108254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1702718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      3273431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     10673420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      4458685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total          20108254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.996135                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.996135                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.999123                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.116133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.116133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.013162                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013162                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.132977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.132977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.140065                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.140065                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.013162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.130151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.036231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.013162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.130151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.036231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks             100319                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                  100319                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                       417935                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse               13780.182786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                 571138766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                13514040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   42.262622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2804.532860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    71.990549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    91.150797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   4648.370939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   6164.137641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.171175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.004394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.005563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.283714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.376229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.841076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008850                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses              1157407304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses             1157407304                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      9486568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     59256105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total              68742673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     29226558                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total       29226558                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks    195685489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total      195685489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          1064                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1064                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data        8724202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total             8724202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst    191549649                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        191549649                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data     39343644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        39343644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data      2318152                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total         2318152                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      9486568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     59256105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst         191549649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data          48067846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total              308360168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      9486568                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     59256105                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst        191549649                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data         48067846                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total             308360168                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       300190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker       204991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total              505181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       539992                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total           539992                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       391813                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         391813                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data       787417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total            787417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst      4136376                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        4136376                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data      3875791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       3875791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data       556970                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total        556970                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       300190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker       204991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst         4136376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data         4663208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total              9304765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       300190                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker       204991                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst        4136376                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data        4663208                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total             9304765                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      9786758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     59461096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total          69247854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     29226558                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     29226558                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks    195685489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total    195685489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       541056                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         541056                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       391918                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       391918                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      9511619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9511619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    195686025                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total    195686025                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     43219435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     43219435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2875122                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      2875122                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      9786758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     59461096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst     195686025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data      52731054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total          317664933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      9786758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     59461096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    195686025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data     52731054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total         317664933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.998033                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998033                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.999732                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.082785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.082785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021138                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021138                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.193720                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.193720                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.088434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.029291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.088434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.029291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks            1993796                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                 1993796                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                      9862982                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               13819.244689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                  68921475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                 1859865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   37.057246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1651.446999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker   102.394041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker   114.341446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   4920.269447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   7030.792756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.100796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.006979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.300309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.429126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.843460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012634                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.809448                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses               139892341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses              139892341                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      3624918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      6627623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total              10252541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3891471                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total        3891471                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     20931505                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total       20931505                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          1192                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1192                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          369                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              369                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data        1117126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total             1117126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst     20633716                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         20633716                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data      5831039                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5831039                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data       406149                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total          406149                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      3624918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      6627623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst          20633716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data           6948165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total               37834422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      3624918                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      6627623                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst         20633716                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data          6948165                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total              37834422                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        12622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         4660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               17282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data       218233                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total           218233                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data       213890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         213890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data       116869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total            116869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst       298330                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         298330                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       869825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        869825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        49588                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total         49588                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        12622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         4660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst          298330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data          986694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total              1302306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        12622                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         4660                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst         298330                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data         986694                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total             1302306                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      3637540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      6632283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total          10269823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3891471                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3891471                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     20931505                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total     20931505                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data       219425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         219425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data       214259                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       214259                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1233995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1233995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     20932046                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     20932046                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      6700864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6700864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data       455737                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       455737                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      3637540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      6632283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst      20932046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data       7934859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total           39136728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      3637540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      6632283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     20932046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      7934859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total          39136728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.003470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.994568                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994568                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.998278                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998278                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.094708                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.094708                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014252                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014252                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.129808                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.129808                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.108808                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.108808                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.003470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.124349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.033276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.003470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.124349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.033276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks             156203                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                  156203                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                       829422                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      51738141                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19683363                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     16112597                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              233586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           21909883                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             161471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            161471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6016612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         15721462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1992963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        1359897                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3352860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2988373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2988373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      21676297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1982537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1982537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1611962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1611962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        22510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4549209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total      4586635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1002150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total      1019976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11604106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total     11635102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       996652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total      1010560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1460530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total      1485176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1056816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total      1068806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11299148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total     11311536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       974352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       990748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       822221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total       831331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1070837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total      1079431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       760719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total       770947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       207552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6604916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total      6812692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1280089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total      1294277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        73212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2378984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total      2452198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       179312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     29993399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total     30172725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       122102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4272118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total      4394220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               82528322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34387840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34387840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9874                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        45020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    134807104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    134861998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5209                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25411840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total     25440513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        34072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    280821632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total    280865434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        27816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24528064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total     24555880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          317                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        48208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     36154432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     36202957                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     26256320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total     26280092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    273901120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total    273925088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        32360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24168128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total     24200614                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        18068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21361920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total     21380034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     26970688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total     26987772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total     19157351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       415104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    140811968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total    141227206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        27852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31590656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total     31618665                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       146424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     52337728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total     52484154                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       358624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    718559488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total    718918126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       244204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     92395968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total     92640172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1965133896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          30395124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             2.030771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            3.951996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16382884     53.90%     53.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 7003000     23.04%     76.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                 1082274      3.56%     80.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                 1021172      3.36%     83.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                  644325      2.12%     85.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                  333183      1.10%     87.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                  395607      1.30%     88.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                  283064      0.93%     89.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                  229424      0.75%     90.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                  253381      0.83%     90.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                 289880      0.95%     91.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                 253050      0.83%     92.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                 431944      1.42%     94.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                 281636      0.93%     95.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                 401089      1.32%     96.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                1109211      3.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            30395124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9599779                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4793842                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          374                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       754174                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       754091                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           83                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq           532147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp         4444292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            6990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           6990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1625419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1858541                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteClean          1323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1185651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        24878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        94975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq         816623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp        816623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1859053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2053092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        46400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        46400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        32106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        32106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      5576647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      8936211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       703444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       337404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            15553706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    237926016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    287828142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2813776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      1349616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total            529917550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       4884472                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                40261888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples       10166679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.076972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.266578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0              9384212     92.30%     92.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               782384      7.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                   83      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total         10166679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3816804                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1924912                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          457                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       587309                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       587213                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           96                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq           319766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp         1943457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq            4061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp           4061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       855730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       654291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        323073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         40965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        59258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq         224488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp        224488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       654803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       968888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         9408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         9408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        34337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        34337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      1963897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      3789387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       301044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       328784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             6383112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     83782016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    131171457                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      1204176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      1315136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total            217472785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                       3635768                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 6261888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        5834313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.106335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.308319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0              5214019     89.37%     89.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               620198     10.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                   96      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          5834313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14972361                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7516234                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         5849                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       667414                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       667375                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           39                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq          7712654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp        14155533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq            8091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp           8091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1907769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1387466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4087022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         47883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        25675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        73558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq         721585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp        721585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1387978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5054901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         8256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         8256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       283513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       283513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      4163422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     18309413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       497848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side     14912646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total            37883329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    177628416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    491836122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      1991392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side     59650584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total            731106514                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                       6583443                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                51600768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples       21715216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.033783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.180681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0             20981640     96.62%     96.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               733537      3.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                   39      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total         21715216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3555345                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1794457                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          398                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       652326                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       652212                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          114                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq           293869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp         1793231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq            3247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp           3247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       860570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       524011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict        318116                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         41633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        20971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        62604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq         230515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp        230515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       524523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       974839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        30952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        30952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      1573057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      3790542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       244558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       335766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total             5943923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     67106176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    132246952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       978232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side      1343064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total            201674424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                       3704456                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                 5394496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples        5735369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.118909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.323743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0              5053494     88.11%     88.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               681761     11.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                  114      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total          5735369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10199497                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5116002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          361                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       742496                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       742409                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           87                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq          1543598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         6184289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            4572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           4572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1177687                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3017059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict        809066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         54494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        39161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        93655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         361383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        361383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      3017571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1623120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        81441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        81441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      9052201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      6330597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1854394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1217300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total            18454492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    386216320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    202428685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      7417576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      4869200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            600931781                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       4235250                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 7533888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples       10819354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.070379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.255817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0             10057982     92.96%     92.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               761285      7.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                   87      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total         10819354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3900735                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1971379                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          321                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       598250                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       598178                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           72                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq           256340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp         1895201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq            2324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp           2324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       939505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean       609381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict        335106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         35854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        20170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        56024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq         246066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp        246066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       609893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1028968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        44318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        44318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      1829167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      4037609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       242672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       262666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total             6372114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     78033536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side    141754268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       970688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side      1050664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total            221809156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                       3861671                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                 6571968                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        6025848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.104548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.306009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0              5395931     89.55%     89.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               629845     10.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                   72      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          6025848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13431265                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6753280                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2610                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       606867                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       606766                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          101                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq          7578021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp        13353458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq            2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp           2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1749452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       857829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4025431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         37385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        23387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        60772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq         694235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp        694235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       858341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4917096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       207603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       207603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      2574511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     17548219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       298292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side     14850900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total            35271922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side    109834880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side    471114080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side      1193168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side     59403600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total            641545728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                       7278770                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                46278592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples       21527437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.031091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.173592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0             20858222     96.89%     96.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               669114      3.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                  101      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total         21527437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4493846                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2256320                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          389                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       773220                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       773088                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          132                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq           299773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp         2289156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq            2996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp           2996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       900245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       900976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict        359108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         55600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        74888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq         221077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp        221077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       901488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1087895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        25152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      2703952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      4097613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       326224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       262918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total             7390707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side    115357696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side    141422374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side      1304896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side      1051672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total            259136638                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                       4265714                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                 5099136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        6711637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.118427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.323174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0              5916931     88.16%     88.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               794574     11.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                  132      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          6711637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3265209                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1644980                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          312                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       552630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       552520                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          110                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq           233889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp         1597671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq            2122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp           2122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       863877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean       443094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict        273001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         30057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        17155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        47212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq         228110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp        228110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       443606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       920176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        28217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        28217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      1330306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      3593674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       196812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       266100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total             5386892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     56748800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    128796546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       787248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side      1064400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total            187396994                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                       3645497                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                 5620224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples        5478548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.104195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.305580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0              4907818     89.58%     89.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               570620     10.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                  110      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total          5478548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3931513                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1994381                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          391                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       516739                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       516634                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq           288067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp         1927069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq            1907                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp           1907                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       965503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       584612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict        353618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         27920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        22453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        50373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq         256262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp        256262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       585124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1053878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        40349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        40349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      1754860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      4132511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       231132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       340222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             6458725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     74863104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side    145658236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       924528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side      1360888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total            222806756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                       3858800                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                 6635200                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        6080123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.091691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.288649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              5522735     90.83%     90.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               557283      9.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                  105      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          6080123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3118650                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1569456                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          363                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       571302                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       571154                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          148                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq           194146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp         1489145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq            1825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp           1825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       810107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       450469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict        248029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         30443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq         226682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp        226682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       450981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       844018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        25790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      1352431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      3356132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       144492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       237222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total             5090277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     57692800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side    120391847                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       577968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       948888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total            179611503                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                       3405697                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                 4900928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples        5139124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.114220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.318169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0              4552279     88.58%     88.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1               586697     11.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                  148      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total          5139124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests    108585575                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     54427687                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          417                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      1855086                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1854913                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          173                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq         19986151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp        71158201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq           34184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp          34184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6401963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean     39589696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict       7684021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        352326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       374054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       726380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq        2148335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp       2148335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     39590208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11581842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       837626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       837626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side    118770112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     44882510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side     25481622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side     14351272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total           203485516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side   5067513856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side   1288872198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side    101926488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side     57405088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total           6515717630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                       7405608                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                13380288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples       81485657                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.023084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.150183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0             79604842     97.69%     97.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1              1880642      2.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                  173      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total         81485657                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4194172                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2130307                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          356                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       624316                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       624190                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          126                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq           373202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp         2147691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq            3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp           3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       909418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       720581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict        371753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         49280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        24805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        74085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq         237158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp        237158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       721093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1053396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        52074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        52074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      2162767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      4129169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       361860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       377140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total             7030936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     92267136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side    140826217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side      1447440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side      1508560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total            236049353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                       3933509                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 7405376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples        6352416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.106923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.309080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0              5673322     89.31%     89.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               678968     10.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                  126      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total          6352416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests     30769317                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15416994                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          397                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      1087298                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1087255                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           43                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq          5011143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp        19395198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq           12049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp          12049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2321357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean     10672908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict       2156762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        138405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       112866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       251271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq         748050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp        748050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     10673420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3710635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       220626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       220626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     32019748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     14412753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      6552272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      3420898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total            56405671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side   1366164992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    434069114                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side     26209088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side     13683592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total           1840126786                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                       6095180                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                 6420416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples       26386958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.041759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.200047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0             25285103     95.82%     95.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1              1101812      4.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                   43      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total         26386958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests    502711920                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    251434400                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          241                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      4053108                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      4053017                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           91                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq         69297438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp       308202898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq           50380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp          50380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     29226558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean    195685513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict      25561773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        541056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       391918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       932974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq        9511619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp       9511619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq    195686025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     43219435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      2875122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      2875122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    587057563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    168046725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side    118925782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     19590528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total           893620598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side  25047778432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   5245645806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side    475703128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     78362112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total          30847489478                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                      15392128                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic               127602944                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples      335544521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.012117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.109413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0            331478655     98.79%     98.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1              4065775      1.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                   91      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total        335544521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests     58776518                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     29454333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          337                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      1478674                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1478607                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           67                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 91688202963007504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq         10333479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp        37966389                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq           20562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp          20562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3891471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean     20931534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4167421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        219425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       214259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       433684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1233995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1233995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     20932046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6700864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       455737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       455737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     62795626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     25829682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     13276614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      7309366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total           109211288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side   2679269120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    757129324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     53106456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     29237464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total           3518742364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                       7086995                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                 9996992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples       46650341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.032342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.176916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0             45141628     96.77%     96.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1              1508646      3.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                   67      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total         46650341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
