
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               4144.611233                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4144611233355500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10891734288136500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2569835                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2874342                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           722754040433                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4919520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5734.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14736641781                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   16482828159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      1613952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       200000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       5174272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data     175586880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker         7360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst        566272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data        694080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       118272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        87168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       5279808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       5668224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        97792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2386432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data      13045952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst        880256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data        862080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        368320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data        590720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker         7104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst        594816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data        980352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker         7296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        573632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data        886336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       1661120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       3525248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker         8128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst        627136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       1549120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker         5184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst        332800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data        557632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker         6272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst        962304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       1927424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker      3587328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        74432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       4247936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data     164210304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       1325760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       1286592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1027840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       840960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      14839552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      12504000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       106880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker       120640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       2802560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       2810752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          437473088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      5174272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst       566272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      5279808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2386432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst       880256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       368320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst       594816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       573632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      1661120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst       627136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst       332800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst       962304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      4247936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      1325760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     14839552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      2802560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      42622976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    177696768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       177696768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        25218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         3125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          80848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        2743545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst           8848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          10845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         1848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         1362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          82497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          88566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          37288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         203843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          13754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          13470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst           5755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data           9230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst           9294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          15318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst           8963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          13849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          25955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          55082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst           9799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          24205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst           5200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data           8713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          15036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          30116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker        56052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker         1163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          66374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data        2565786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker          637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          20715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          20103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        16060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        13140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         231868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         195375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         1670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         1885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          43790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          43918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6835517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2776512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2776512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker          389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           48                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            42365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           29                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           21                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst             1274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data             1368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker           24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             3148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst               89                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               80                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker          866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst             1025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data            39620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             3017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           29                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                105552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst         1274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst           89                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          138                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          401                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           80                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst         1025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            10284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           42874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                42874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           42874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker          389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           48                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           42365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           29                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           21                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst            1274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data            1368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            3148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst              89                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              80                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker          866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst            1025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data           39620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            3017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           29                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               148426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         676400553283563.125000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           676400553283563.125000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891734288136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         676400553283563.125000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           676400553283563.125000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891734288136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         676400553283563.125000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           676400553283563.125000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891734288136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         676400553283563.125000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           676400553283563.125000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891734288136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                 1013083                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong             1013083                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1013083                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1013083    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1013083                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1003025     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1767      0.18%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2122      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1006914                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1013083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1013083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1006914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1006914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2019997                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  646135144                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   983125                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 710407530                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   29958                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    638                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4333                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     256                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              647118269                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             710437488                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                      1356542674                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                       1013083                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                  1357555757                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   94846                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               94846                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        94846                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         94846    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        94846                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        94591     99.80%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          192      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        94783                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        94846                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        94846                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        94783                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        94783                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       189629                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                11722979278                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    94846                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    384                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses            11723074124                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                     11722979278                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         94846                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                 11723074124                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             10661                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5331                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   776229997845.689575                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  6578340668929.886719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1898     35.60%     35.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3343     62.71%     98.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.02%     98.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.02%     98.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     98.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.02%     98.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.02%     98.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           85      1.59%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          5331                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  6529114840129                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4138082118515371                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   21783434897069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   5331                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts               11723066721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                 13058225463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts           11662466144                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses         11851661437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               25939                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                 625039835                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts   1292107115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                11851661437                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      25939                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads       17607001349                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       8845518914                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             30156                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            12227                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads        38936012907                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes        8802922261                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                  1453087211                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 742176474                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                710910737                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             21749118880480.285156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             34316016588.715214                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.001575                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.998425                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                      1881170704                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                 556      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu             11483776959     87.94%     87.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult              120345147      0.92%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   40954      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1756      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   3686      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   2224      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  1752      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           972556      0.01%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              742176474      5.68%     94.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             710910737      5.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total              13058232803                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         481.084516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs        1357479693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        10595651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs          128.116686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   481.084516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.939618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2725648925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2725648925                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    637039259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     637039259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    708067487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    708067487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       149953                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       149953                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         2050                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2050                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       798766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       798766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       797633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       797633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data   1345108796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total     1345108796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data   1345258749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total    1345258749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      9090819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9090819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data      1105761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1105761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        17577                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        17577                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data       395243                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       395243                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         7982                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7982                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data         5915                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5915                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data     10591823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total     10591823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data     10609400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total     10609400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    646130078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    646130078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    709173248                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    709173248                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       167530                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       167530                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data       397293                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       397293                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       806748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       806748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       803548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       803548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data   1355700619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1355700619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data   1355868149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1355868149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.104919                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.104919                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.994840                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994840                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.009894                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009894                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007361                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007361                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2172856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         2172856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements             10557426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs       11723074061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5227036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         2242.776606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses     23451375158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses    23451375158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst  11717847025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total   11717847025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst  11717847025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total    11717847025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst  11717847025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total   11717847025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      5227036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5227036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      5227036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      5227036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      5227036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      5227036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst  11723074061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  11723074061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst  11723074061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total  11723074061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst  11723074061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total  11723074061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5226524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         5226524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              5226524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                    2144                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong                2144                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2144                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2144    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2144                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1539     98.72%     98.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.83%     99.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.45%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1559                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1559                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1559                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3703                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                     952728                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                     2026                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                    540990                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                     118                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                     30                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                   46                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      20                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                 954754                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                541108                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                         1493718                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                          2144                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                     1495862                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                    3321                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong                3321                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3321                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3321    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3321                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3275     99.57%     99.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      0.43%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3289                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                    4479544                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                     3321                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                4482865                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                         4479544                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                          3321                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                     4482865                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               257                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          129                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   32128749536173.984375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  41333517445800.671875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           36     27.91%     27.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           43     33.33%     61.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.78%     62.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           49     37.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           129                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2543189056                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144608690166444                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8288652649958                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    129                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   4482114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     5085677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts               1611510                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             4570102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                3279                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                    217392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       962922                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    4570102                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                       3279                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads           6339524                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          3608465                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads              3476                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             1679                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            1549932                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           1544439                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     1493079                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                    952020                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   541059                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8288647563929.535156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             5086028.464796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                         1208797                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                  66      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 3584654     70.48%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                   6748      0.13%     70.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                     785      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    196      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                    412      0.01%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                    264      0.01%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                   192      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 952020     18.72%     89.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                541059     10.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                  5086396                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         348.584954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs           1491012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           35613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           41.867071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   348.584954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.680830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.680830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3025189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3025189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data       894331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        894331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data       511229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       511229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        14692                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        14692                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          277                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        16669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        16441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data      1405837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1405837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data      1420529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1420529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data        27089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data         6566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data          960                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          960                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data         2197                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data          375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data        35852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        35852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data        36812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        36812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data       921420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       921420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data       517795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       517795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        15652                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        15652                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        16855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        16816                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16816                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data      1441689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1441689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      1457341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1457341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.029399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.061334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.061334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.888036                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.888036                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.022300                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.022300                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.024868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.025260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           19269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                33241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.000058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs           4482833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs           45337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs           98.878025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.000058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses         9011003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses        9011003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst      4437496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4437496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst      4437496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        4437496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst      4437496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       4437496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst        45337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst        45337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total        45337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst        45337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total        45337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      4482833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4482833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst      4482833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      4482833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst      4482833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      4482833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.010113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.010113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks        44825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total           44825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                44825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  155799                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              155799                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       155799                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        155799    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       155799                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1407426044                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1407426044    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1407426044                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       152714     98.28%     98.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2506      1.61%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          162      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       155382                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       155799                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       155799                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       155382                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       155382                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       311181                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   14606925                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   148647                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  12208980                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                    7152                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    348                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                 5178                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     157                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               14755572                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              12216132                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                        26815905                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        155799                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                    26971704                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  280310                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              280310                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       280310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        280310    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       280310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1407120044                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1407120044    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1407120044                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       277664     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2513      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       280177                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       280310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       280310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       280177                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       280177                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       560487                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   71464496                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   280310                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               71744806                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        71464496                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        280310                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    71744806                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              4529                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2265                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1682917689281.823486                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7705046603887.208984                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          214      9.45%      9.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1899     83.84%     93.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.04%     93.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.09%     93.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.09%     93.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          147      6.49%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 106266497099000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2265                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  332802667132170                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811808566223330                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21782810784589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   2265                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  71734054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    85906837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts              22248254                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            79089371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses             1560389                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                   5138323                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts     10047960                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   79089371                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                    1560389                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads         112535142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes         62526548                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads           2271858                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes          1385033                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads           17235252                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes          16708518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    26919963                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  14709816                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 12210147                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21782585010515.636719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             225774073.364742                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                        16023250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               67595      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                57509413     66.94%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                 162088      0.19%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   50380      0.06%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                 226666      0.26%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                 483602      0.56%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                 270380      0.31%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                227352      0.26%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               14709816     17.12%     85.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              12210147     14.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 85917456                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         437.014190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs          26959567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1037081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           25.995623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079882763928500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   437.014190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.853543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        54960965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses       54960965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     13517628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      13517628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     11675657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     11675657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       156354                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       156354                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data        11961                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        11961                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       267407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       267407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       252029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       252029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data     25205246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       25205246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data     25361600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      25361600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       766894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       766894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       179435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       179435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        34274                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        34274                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        68475                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        68475                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         7135                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7135                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        22261                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22261                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      1014804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      1014804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      1049078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      1049078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     14284522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14284522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     11855092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11855092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       190628                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       190628                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        80436                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        80436                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       274542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       274542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       274290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       274290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data     26220050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26220050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data     26410678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26410678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.053687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.179795                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.179795                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.851298                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.851298                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.081159                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.081159                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.038703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.039722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       469590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          469590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              1008636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         470.892887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          71744673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2600852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.585066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079882763923500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   470.892887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.919713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses       146090198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses      146090198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     69143821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      69143821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     69143821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       69143821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     69143821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      69143821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      2600852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2600852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      2600852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      2600852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      2600852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      2600852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     71744673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     71744673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     71744673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     71744673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     71744673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     71744673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.036251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.036251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.036251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2600340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         2600340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              2600340                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   60781                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               60781                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        60781                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         60781    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        60781                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    801415956                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     801415956    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    801415956                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        56857     98.13%     98.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1042      1.80%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           39      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        57938                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        60781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        60781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        57938                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        57938                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       118719                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                  237746788                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    52180                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                 194362651                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    8601                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    696                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  658                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     146                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses              237798968                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses             194371252                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                       432109439                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         60781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                   432170220                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                  168454                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong              168454                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       168454                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        168454    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       168454                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    752505956                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0     752505956    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total    752505956                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       166791     99.11%     99.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1502      0.89%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       168293                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       168454                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       168454                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       168293                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       168293                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       336747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                 1949777966                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                   168454                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    657                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses             1949946420                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                      1949777966                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                        168454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                  1949946420                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               557                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          279                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   14851317293520.964844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  186947626671297.531250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          146     52.33%     52.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          113     40.50%     92.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.36%     93.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.36%     93.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           18      6.45%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3054117077063000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           279                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1093708463151                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4143517524892349                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21782858761766                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    279                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                1949941691                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                  2187412283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts            1921898056                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses          1949036975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses              100052                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  91388704                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    244629386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                 1949036975                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                     100052                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        3032146534                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes       1366924970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            106243                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            15855                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         6461840553                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes        1279993851                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   450706552                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                 251301898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                199404654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21777110551518.968750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             5748210247.031945                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000264                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999736                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       341380517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 773      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu              1718305379     78.55%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult               17535732      0.80%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   23472      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   2376      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                   4787      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   3092      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  2417      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           832271      0.04%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              251301898     11.49%     90.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             199404638      9.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total               2187416851                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         399.568830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs         432154244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1100410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          392.721117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   399.568830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.780408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.780408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       865421570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      865421570                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data    236377553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     236377553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data    193358299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    193358299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        87466                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        87466                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         1777                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1777                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       603957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       603957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       597516                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       597516                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data    429737629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total      429737629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data    429825095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total     429825095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       714194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       714194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       205475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       205475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        10687                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10687                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data       187975                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       187975                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1482                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1482                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         7863                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7863                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1107644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1107644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1118331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1118331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data    237091747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    237091747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data    193563774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    193563774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        98153                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        98153                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data       189752                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       189752                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       605439                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       605439                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       605379                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       605379                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data    430845273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total    430845273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data    430943426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total    430943426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.003012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001062                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001062                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.108881                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.108881                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.990635                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.990635                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012989                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012989                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       844282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          844282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1081337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         486.307885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs        1949946259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs        12803043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          152.303344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   486.307885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.949820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3912695561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     3912695561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst   1937143216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1937143216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst   1937143216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total     1937143216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst   1937143216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total    1937143216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst     12803043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12803043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst     12803043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total     12803043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst     12803043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total     12803043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst   1949946259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1949946259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst   1949946259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total   1949946259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst   1949946259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total   1949946259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.006566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.006566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.006566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks     12802531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total        12802531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements             12802531                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                    8723                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong                8723                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8723                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8723    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8723                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8498     98.21%     98.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          146      1.69%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            9      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8653                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8723                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8723                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    1402779                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                     8227                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   1151333                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                     496                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                     37                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  309                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      24                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                1411006                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               1151829                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         2554112                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                          8723                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     2562835                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   19481                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               19481                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19481                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19481    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19481                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19313     99.30%     99.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          136      0.70%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        19449                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        19481                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19481                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        19449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        19449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        38930                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                    6755951                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    19481                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                6775432                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                         6755951                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         19481                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                     6775432                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions               617                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          309                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   13412968257524.779297                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30212034930582.777344                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           58     18.77%     18.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          193     62.46%     81.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.32%     81.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.32%     81.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           56     18.12%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           309                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    4041780343                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144607191575157                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21782866767247                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    309                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   6774557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     8082838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               1964130                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             7445385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses               89052                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                    464104                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       971383                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    7445385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                      89052                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          10527551                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          5924816                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            127829                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            77351                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            1692315                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           1657407                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     2558316                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   1406929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  1151387                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21782845524881.933594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             21242365.068364                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         1512110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                3790      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 5434013     67.22%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  17177      0.21%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                    3474      0.04%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  12476      0.15%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  26638      0.33%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  15160      0.19%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 12637      0.16%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                1406929     17.40%     85.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               1151387     14.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  8083681                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         376.432637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           2561417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           82939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           30.883143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   376.432637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.735220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.735220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         5206925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses        5206925                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      1302088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      1101451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1101451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        17439                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        17439                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data          842                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          842                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        26859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        25004                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        25004                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      2404381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2404381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      2421820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2421820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data        61072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        61072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        15374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         2505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data         6017                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         6017                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data          508                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          508                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         2258                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2258                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data        82463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        82463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data        84968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        84968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1363160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1363160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1116825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1116825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        19944                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        19944                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data         6859                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6859                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        27367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        27262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      2486844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2486844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      2506788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2506788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.044802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.125602                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.125602                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.877242                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.877242                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.018563                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018563                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.082826                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.082826                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.033160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.033895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        36014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           36014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                78306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.459518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs           6775400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          192204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           35.251087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.459518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        13743004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       13743004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst      6583196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       6583196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst      6583196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        6583196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst      6583196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       6583196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       192204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       192204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       192204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       192204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       192204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       192204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      6775400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6775400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst      6775400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      6775400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      6775400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      6775400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.028368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.028368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.028368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       191692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          191692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               191692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    1094                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                1094                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1094                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1094    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1094                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    641724568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     641724568    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    641724568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          962     98.16%     98.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      1.43%     99.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            4      0.41%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          980                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1094                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1094                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          980                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          980                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2074                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                     569454                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                      949                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    419883                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     145                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                     41                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   37                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      27                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                 570403                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                420028                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                          989337                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          1094                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                      990431                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    3363                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                3363                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3363                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3363    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3363                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    641719568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0     641719568    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total    641719568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3308     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3321                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3363                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3363                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6684                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                    2548795                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     3363                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                2552158                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                         2548795                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          3363                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                     2552158                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               186                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           93                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   40987473491065.195312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  392128701211583.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           47     50.54%     50.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           43     46.24%     96.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      1.08%     97.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      2.15%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3781763089294000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            93                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  332776198686437                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811835034669063                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21782810767598                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                     94                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   2551819                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     3012849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts                373049                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             2799350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                3626                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    158733                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       369096                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    2799350                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                       3626                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           3947777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          2241666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads              3710                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             2005                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads             644904                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes            641413                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                      988629                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    568675                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   419954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21782802849487.140625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             7918110.859902                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          548430                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                  71      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 2016978     66.94%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                   5470      0.18%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                     820      0.03%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    220      0.01%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                    468      0.02%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                    284      0.01%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   202      0.01%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 568675     18.87%     86.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                419954     13.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  3013146                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         371.650591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs            988124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           35204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.068515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079897746895000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   371.650591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.725880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.725880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2015292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2015292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data       515561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        515561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data       393483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       393483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        13264                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        13264                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          315                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          315                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        14719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        14043                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14043                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data       909359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         909359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data       922623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        922623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        25704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data         6127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data          793                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          793                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         3175                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3175                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data          786                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          786                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data        35006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        35006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data        35799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        35799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data       541265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       541265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data       399610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       399610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        14057                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        14057                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3490                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3490                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        14873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        14829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data       944365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       944365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       958422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       958422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.047489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.015332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.056413                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.056413                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.909742                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.909742                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.010354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.053004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.037068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.037352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           19402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                33868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         470.891040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs           2552116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           42192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           60.488149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079897746890000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   470.891040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.919709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses         5146424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses        5146424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst      2509924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2509924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst      2509924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        2509924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst      2509924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       2509924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        42192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        42192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        42192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        42192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        42192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        42192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      2552116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2552116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst      2552116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      2552116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      2552116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      2552116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        41680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           41680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                41680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                    1686                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                1686                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1686                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1686    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1686                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1653982840                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1653982840    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1653982840                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1559     99.43%     99.43% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            7      0.45%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1568                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1686                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1686                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1568                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1568                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3254                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    1252419                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     1354                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                    937329                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     332                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    574                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   88                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     121                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                1253773                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                937661                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         2189748                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                          1686                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     2191434                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                    7264                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong                7264                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7264                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7264    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7264                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1704674340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1704674340    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1704674340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7161     99.31%     99.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           50      0.69%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7211                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         7264                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7264                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         7211                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7211                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        14475                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                    5699835                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                     7264                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    511                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                5707099                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                         5699835                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                          7264                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                     5707099                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               329                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   25118835788562.207031                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  297685680135834.812500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           80     48.48%     48.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           82     49.70%     98.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.61%     98.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      1.21%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3811367899511500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3328242736                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144607905112764                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21783458773230                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    165                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   5706514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     6655942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               2186669                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             6117024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               36561                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    310566                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       868519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    6117024                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      36561                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads           8413616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          4849780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             50307                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            30600                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            1519833                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           1504575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     2188311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   1250793                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   937518                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21783441280534.902344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             17492695.094993                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         1251681                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                1513      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 4425496     66.48%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  13786      0.21%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    1822      0.03%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   4762      0.07%     66.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   9842      0.15%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   6052      0.09%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  4890      0.07%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                1250793     18.79%     85.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                937518     14.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  6656474                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         364.171830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           2190875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           68982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.760097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   364.171830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.711273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.711273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4450732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4450732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      1160135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1160135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data       887974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       887974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        19616                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        19616                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data          416                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          416                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        25945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        25945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        24641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      2048525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2048525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      2068141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2068141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data        45659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        45659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        13799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         1789                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1789                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data         8932                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         8932                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          369                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          369                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         1600                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1600                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data        68390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        68390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data        70179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        70179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      1205794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1205794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data       901773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       901773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        21405                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        21405                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data         9348                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         9348                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        26314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        26241                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26241                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      2116915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2116915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      2138320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2138320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.037866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.015302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.083579                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.083579                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.955499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.955499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014023                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014023                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.060973                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060973                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.032306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.032820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        39578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           39578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                65905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         486.307743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs           5707046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs           83162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           68.625646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   486.307743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.949820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        11497254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       11497254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst      5623884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5623884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst      5623884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        5623884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst      5623884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       5623884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst        83162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        83162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst        83162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total        83162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst        83162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total        83162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst      5707046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5707046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst      5707046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      5707046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst      5707046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      5707046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks        82650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total           82650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                82650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    2632                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                2632                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2632                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2632    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2632                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -411171340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -411171340    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -411171340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1921     98.72%     98.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           21      1.08%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            4      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1946                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1946                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1946                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4578                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    1568241                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     2371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                    991999                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     261                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    248                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   47                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      63                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                1570612                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                992260                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         2560240                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          2632                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     2562872                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                    7054                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong                7054                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7054                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7054    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7054                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         6958     99.77%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           16      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         6974                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         7054                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7054                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         6974                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         6974                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        14028                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                    7273455                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                     7054                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    187                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                7280509                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                         7273455                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                          7054                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                     7280509                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               361                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   22898381514074.683594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  32829811252345.304688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           51     28.18%     28.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           59     32.60%     60.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.55%     61.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           70     38.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    4179307982                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144607054047518                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   21782882760347                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    181                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   7279384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     8357542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               2388982                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             7569168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                7665                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    393212                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      1406237                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    7569168                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                       7665                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          10453669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          5996159                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads              8072                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             4287                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2336821                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2331681                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     2558010                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   1565865                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   992145                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             21782860795160.679688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             21965186.319479                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         1860126                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 176      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 5781322     69.17%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  14301      0.17%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    2089      0.02%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    485      0.01%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                    980      0.01%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    704      0.01%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   520      0.01%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                1565865     18.73%     88.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                992145     11.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  8358587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         393.734355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           2560786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           68734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.256467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   393.734355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.769012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.769012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         5192098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses        5192098                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      1459801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1459801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data       940465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       940465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        25621                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        25621                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          500                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          500                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        31268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        31268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        29756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      2400766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2400766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      2426387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2426387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        50888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        50888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        12734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         1894                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1894                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         5934                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5934                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          239                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          239                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data        69556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        69556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data        71450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        71450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      1510689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1510689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data       953199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       953199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        27515                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        27515                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         6434                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6434                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        31507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        31442                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31442                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      2470322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2470322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      2497837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2497837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.033685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.068835                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.068835                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.922288                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.922288                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.053623                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053623                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.028157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.028605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           35298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                64434                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.274352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs           7280429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs           88251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           82.496844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   505.274352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.986864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        14649109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       14649109                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst      7192178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       7192178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst      7192178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        7192178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst      7192178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       7192178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst        88251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        88251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst        88251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total        88251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst        88251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total        88251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst      7280429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7280429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst      7280429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      7280429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst      7280429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      7280429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks        87739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total           87739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                87739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                    9518                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                9518                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9518                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9518    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9518                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    468093660                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     468093660    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    468093660                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8998     98.31%     98.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          129      1.41%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           26      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9153                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9518                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9518                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9153                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9153                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        18671                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    4133120                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                     8532                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                   3248525                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     986                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    780                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  177                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     290                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                4141652                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses               3249511                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         7381645                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                          9518                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     7391163                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   14972                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               14972                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14972                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14972                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    423201660                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0     423201660    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total    423201660                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14764     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           87      0.59%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14851                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        14972                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14972                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        14851                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14851                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        29823                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                   19293653                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    14972                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    448                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses               19308625                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                        19293653                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         14972                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                    19308625                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               347                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          174                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   23819539379790.765625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  285320422948341.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           92     52.87%     52.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           76     43.68%     96.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.57%     97.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.57%     97.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.30%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3750965160471000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           174                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   11381271907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144599852083593                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21782834767664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    174                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                  19306852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                    22760819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts              11871089                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses            21005099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               80018                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    864397                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      2934085                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                   21005099                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      80018                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          28492691                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes         16580624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            104796                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            58412                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            5412396                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           5327904                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     7380394                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   4131827                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                  3248567                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21782774951161.652344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             59816502.347067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         4098407                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                2864      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                15285762     67.15%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  36797      0.16%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    8175      0.04%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   8862      0.04%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  18383      0.08%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  11456      0.05%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  9776      0.04%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                4131827     18.15%     85.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite               3248567     14.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                 22762471                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         305.419397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           7389425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          177275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           41.683401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   305.419397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.596522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.596522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.810547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        14956765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses       14956765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      3903226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3903226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data      3133595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3133595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        47365                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        47365                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         2417                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2417                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        61334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        61334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        58501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        58501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      7039238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        7039238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      7086603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       7086603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       125457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       125457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        33859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        33859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         3281                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3281                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        16669                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16669                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         3233                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3233                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data       175985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       175985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data       179266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       179266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      4028683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4028683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data      3167454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3167454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        50646                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        50646                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        19086                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19086                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        61822                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        61822                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        61734                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        61734                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      7215223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7215223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      7265869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7265869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.031141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.010690                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010690                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.064783                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.064783                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.873363                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.873363                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.007894                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007894                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.052370                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052370                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.024391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.024672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        96378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           96378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               174166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         486.307578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs          19308504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          174974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          110.350704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   486.307578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.949819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        38791982                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       38791982                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst     19133530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      19133530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst     19133530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       19133530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst     19133530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      19133530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       174974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       174974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       174974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       174974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       174974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       174974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst     19308504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19308504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst     19308504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     19308504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst     19308504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     19308504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.009062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.009062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       174462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          174462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               174462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    1709                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                1709                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1709                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1709    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1709                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2010152136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -2010152136    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -2010152136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1451     98.91%     98.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      1.02%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1467                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1709                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1709                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1467                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1467                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    1273618                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     1392                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   1030848                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     317                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    360                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                   50                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     184                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                1275010                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               1031165                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         2304466                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          1709                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     2306175                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                    5867                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong                5867                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5867                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5867    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5867                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2054767636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -2054767636    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -2054767636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5735     99.46%     99.46% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           31      0.54%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5766                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         5867                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5867                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         5766                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5766                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        11633                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                    5812106                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                     5867                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    185                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                5817973                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                         5812106                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                          5867                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                     5817973                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               485                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          243                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   17055999050768.769531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  38665021231978.992188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          100     41.15%     41.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           93     38.27%     79.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.41%     79.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.41%     80.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           48     19.75%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 332767697969500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           243                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3464018689                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144607769336811                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21782810760533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    243                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   5817114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     6927256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               1021223                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             6443917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               36747                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    356855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       799747                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    6443917                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      36747                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           8976819                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          5140857                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             52753                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            31728                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            1365516                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           1349865                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     2301335                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   1270252                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  1031083                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21782792554761.339844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             18205771.662748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         1215629                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                1482      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 4585092     66.18%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  11220      0.16%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    1254      0.02%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   5210      0.08%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                  11241      0.16%     66.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   5928      0.09%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  5252      0.08%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                1270252     18.34%     85.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               1031083     14.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  6928014                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         370.219670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           2304711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           74071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.114890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   370.219670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.723085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.723085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.712891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4683493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4683493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      1158016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data       974981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       974981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        29793                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        29793                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data          420                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          420                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        32638                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        32638                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        30844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      2133417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2133417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      2163210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2163210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data        51688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        51688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        18323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         1872                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1872                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data         3916                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3916                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          277                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          277                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         1943                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1943                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data        73927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        73927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data        75799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        75799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1209704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data       993304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       993304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        31665                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        31665                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data         4336                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4336                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        32915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        32787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        32787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      2207344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2207344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      2239009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2239009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.042728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.018447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.059119                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.059119                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.903137                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.903137                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.008416                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008416                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.059261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.059261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.033491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        45852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           45852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                69924                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         486.307437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs           5817872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs           89157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           65.254237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   486.307437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.949819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        11724901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       11724901                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst      5728715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5728715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst      5728715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        5728715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst      5728715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       5728715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst        89157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        89157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst        89157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total        89157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst        89157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total        89157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst      5817872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5817872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst      5817872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      5817872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst      5817872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      5817872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.015325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.015325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.015325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks        88645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total           88645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                88645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                     982                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                 982                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          982                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           982    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          982                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1049881140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1049881140    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1049881140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          866     98.75%     98.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            9      1.03%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          877                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          982                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          982                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          877                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          877                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1859                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                     541628                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                      825                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                    406732                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     157                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                     50                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                   60                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                      32                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                 542453                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                406889                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                          948360                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                           982                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                      949342                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                    3066                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong                3066                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3066                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3066    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3066                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1049575140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1049575140    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1049575140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3017     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3027                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3066                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3066                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3027                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3027                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6093                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                    2458625                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                     3066                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                2461691                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                         2458625                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                          3066                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                     2461691                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               137                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           69                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5566679086.449275                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  36123204912.897934                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           33     47.83%     47.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           35     50.72%     98.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      1.45%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 300908182000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            69                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144227132498535                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 384100856965                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21782866759978                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                     69                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   2461366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     2881582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts                482731                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             2664374                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                3936                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    135802                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       369757                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    2664374                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                       3936                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           3774466                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          2122817                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads              4237                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes             2408                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads             661467                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes            658099                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                      947323                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    540477                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   406846                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21782859186812.554688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             7573165.444755                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                          526024                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                  93      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 1924695     66.79%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                   7441      0.26%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                     783      0.03%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                    288      0.01%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                    600      0.02%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                    372      0.01%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                   269      0.01%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 540477     18.75%     85.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                406846     14.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  2881868                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           0.040061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs            947336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           37334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           25.374618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891348746343500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     0.040061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1935334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1935334                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data       489238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        489238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data       381840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       381840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        11948                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        11948                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data          365                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          365                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        12899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        12899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        12435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data       871443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         871443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data       883391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        883391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data        27261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data         6684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data          706                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          706                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         3090                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3090                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data          642                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          642                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data        37035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        37035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data        37741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        37741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data       516499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       516499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data       388524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       388524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        12654                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        12654                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3455                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3455                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        13127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        13077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data       908478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       908478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data       921132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       921132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.052780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.017204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.055793                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.055793                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.894356                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.894356                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.017369                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017369                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.049094                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049094                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.040766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.040972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           20378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                36213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse           0.047618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs           2461652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs           38032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           64.725810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891348746338500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     0.047618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses         4961336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses        4961336                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst      2423620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2423620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst      2423620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        2423620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst      2423620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       2423620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst        38032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst        38032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total        38032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst        38032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total        38032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst      2461652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2461652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst      2461652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      2461652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst      2461652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      2461652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.015450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.015450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.015450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks        37520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total           37520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                37520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                    3989                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong                3989                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3989                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3989    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3989                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1745503636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1745503636    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1745503636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3105     98.57%     98.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           43      1.37%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3150                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         3989                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3989                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         3150                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3150                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7139                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    1957052                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                     3574                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   1220727                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     415                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    209                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                   80                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      94                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                1960626                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               1221142                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         3177779                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                          3989                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     3181768                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                    8319                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong                8319                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8319                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8319    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8319                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1746133636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1746133636    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1746133636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8159     99.69%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           25      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8184                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         8319                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8319                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         8184                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8184                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16503                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                    8916543                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                     8319                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                8924862                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                         8916543                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                          8319                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                     8924862                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               327                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          164                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   23242915498371.218750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  295255164747634                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           69     42.07%     42.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           92     56.10%     98.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.61%     98.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      1.22%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3781178980346500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           164                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  332773091622620                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811838141732880                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21782906761215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    164                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   8923335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    10264597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts               2719595                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             9347453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               11669                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    442628                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      1674400                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    9347453                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      11669                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          12889909                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          7424757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             12159                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             6760                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            2791866                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           2774676                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     3175186                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1954198                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  1220988                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21782879783465.453125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             26977749.549162                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         2187759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 252      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 7065795     68.83%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  18832      0.18%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                    1782      0.02%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    777      0.01%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   1588      0.02%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   1008      0.01%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                   769      0.01%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1954198     19.04%     88.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               1220988     11.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 10265989                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         375.555491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           3180518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          106093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.978585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079891013380000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   375.555491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.733507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.733507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         6467129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses        6467129                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      1789199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1789199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      1144636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1144636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        42450                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        42450                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1082                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1082                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        47499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        47186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      2934917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2934917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      2977367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2977367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data        77573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        77573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        18152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         2079                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2079                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data         8688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         8688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         1077                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       104413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       104413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       106492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       106492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      1866772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1866772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      1162788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1162788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        44529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        44529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9770                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         9770                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        48396                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        48396                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        48263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        48263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      3039330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3039330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      3083859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3083859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.041555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.015611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.046689                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.046689                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.889253                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.889253                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.018535                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018535                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.022315                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.022315                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.034354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.034532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        62902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           62902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               103730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         470.891867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs           8924727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs           96050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           92.917512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079891013375000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   470.891867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.919711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        17945504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       17945504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst      8828677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       8828677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst      8828677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        8828677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst      8828677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       8828677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst        96050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        96050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst        96050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total        96050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst        96050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total        96050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst      8924727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8924727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst      8924727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      8924727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst      8924727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      8924727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.010762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.010762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.010762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks        95538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total           95538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                95538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                 2426113                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong             2426113                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2426113                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2426113    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2426113                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     20890364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      20890364    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     20890364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2422160     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          225      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          339      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2422724                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2426113                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2426113                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2422724                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2422724                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4848837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                  143946338                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                  2281892                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                  70961502                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                  144221                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    445                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  829                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     159                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses              146228230                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses              71105723                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                       214907840                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                       2426113                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                   217333953                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   34770                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               34770                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        34770                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         34770    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        34770                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    -28503636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0     -28503636    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total    -28503636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        34542     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          115      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        34657                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        34770                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        34770                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        34657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        34657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        69427                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                  635209572                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    34770                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    252                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses              635244342                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                       635209572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         34770                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                   635244342                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              1584                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          792                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4812473304633.646484                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  134382380386221.484375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          728     91.92%     91.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           62      7.83%     99.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      0.25%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3781776966269500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           792                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  333132376085652                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3811478857269848                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21783468577066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    792                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 635239957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   725294132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts             596223660                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           666091262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses              451446                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  28074755                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts     79408389                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  666091262                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                     451446                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads         906355761                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        572017957                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads            576110                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes           394043                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads          225622335                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         221096858                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                   217184709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                 146085099                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 71099610                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21781562545925.304688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             1906031140.697401                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000087                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999913                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       116582155                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass               14606      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu               500351115     68.99%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                7396691      1.02%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    9369      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                  42251      0.01%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                 104809      0.01%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                  56392      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                 35595      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead              146085099     20.14%     90.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite              71099610      9.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                725298404                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         322.230211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs         217321513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4684430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.392307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079892781643000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   322.230211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.629356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.629356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       439332832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      439332832                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data    141710306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     141710306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data     70006465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     70006465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data       193296                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       193296                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data        63248                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        63248                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data       324594                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       324594                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data       327884                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       327884                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data    211780019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total      211780019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data    211973315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total     211973315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data      3972562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3972562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       521438                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       521438                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data        16449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data       173783                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       173783                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data         7427                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7427                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         4061                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4061                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data      4667783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total      4667783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data      4684232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total      4684232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data    145682868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    145682868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data     70527903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70527903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data       209745                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       209745                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data       237031                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       237031                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       332021                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       332021                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data       331945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       331945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data    216447802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total    216447802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data    216657547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216657547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.007393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.078424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.078424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.733166                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.733166                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.022369                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022369                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012234                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012234                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.021565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.021620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       963653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          963653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements              4676926                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         470.891649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs         635244229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          723871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          877.565518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079892781638000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   470.891649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.919710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1271212329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     1271212329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst    634520358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     634520358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst    634520358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total      634520358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst    634520358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total     634520358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       723871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       723871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       723871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       723871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       723871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       723871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst    635244229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    635244229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst    635244229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total    635244229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst    635244229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total    635244229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.001140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.001140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.001140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       723359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          723359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               723359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   20020                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               20020                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20020                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20020    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20020                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19666     98.23%     98.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          334      1.67%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20020                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        20020                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20020                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        20020                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20020                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        40040                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    2162461                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    19080                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   1820164                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                     940                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                     97                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                  650                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      31                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                2181541                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               1821104                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                         3982625                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         20020                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                     4002645                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   36194                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               36194                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36194                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36194    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36194                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        35853     99.06%     99.06% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          341      0.94%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36194                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        36194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        36194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        72388                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   10673248                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    36194                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                     55                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               10709442                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        10673248                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         36194                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    10709442                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions               711                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          356                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   11642148391369.212891                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  28056561544757.601562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           49     13.76%     13.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          242     67.98%     81.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.28%     82.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           64     17.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           356                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    6406028060                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144604827327440                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   21782698762266                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                    356                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  10708125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    12810948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts               4133953                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            11776056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              240343                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                    764072                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      1480403                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   11776056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     240343                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          16598077                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          9311670                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            352117                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           215960                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            2557302                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           2470263                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     3995577                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   2175335                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  1820242                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             21782665094364.761719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             33667901.236093                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         2394376                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               10577      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 8590148     67.05%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  21449      0.17%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                    6142      0.05%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  35344      0.28%     67.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  75638      0.59%     68.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  42308      0.33%     68.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 35082      0.27%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                2175335     16.98%     85.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               1820242     14.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 12812265                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         340.750257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs           4001686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          138216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.952408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   340.750257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.665528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.665528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         8141588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses        8141588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      2019314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2019314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      1748131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1748131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        18186                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        18186                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         1349                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1349                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        36279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        36279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        34929                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        34929                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data      3768794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        3768794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data      3786980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       3786980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       101708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       101708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data        25763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         4341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data         8208                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         8208                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         1089                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1089                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data         2389                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2389                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       135679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       135679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       140020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       140020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      2121022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2121022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1773894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1773894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        22527                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        22527                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data         9557                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         9557                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        37368                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        37368                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        37318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        37318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data      3904473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3904473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      3927000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3927000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.047952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.192702                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.192702                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.858847                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.858847                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.029143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.064017                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.064017                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.034750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        60218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           60218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               133190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         503.984877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          10709442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          343988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           31.133185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   503.984877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.984345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        21762872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       21762872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     10365454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10365454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     10365454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10365454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     10365454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10365454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       343988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       343988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       343988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       343988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       343988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       343988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     10709442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10709442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     10709442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10709442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     10709442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10709442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       343476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          343476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               343476                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  158493                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              158493                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       158493                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        158493    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       158493                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       158317     99.89%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          176      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       158493                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       158493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       158493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       158493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       158493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       316986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   55098730                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   139102                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  49054844                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   19391                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      6                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6436                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               55237832                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              49074235                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       104153574                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        158493                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   104312067                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  968530                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              968530                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       968530                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        968530    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       968530                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       965777     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2753      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       968530                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       968530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       968530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       968530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       968530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1937060                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  253587718                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   968530                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              254556248                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       253587718                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        968530                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   254556248                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             40865                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        20433                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   202831613474.872711                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2467103299227.607422                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        19529     95.58%     95.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          766      3.75%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.00%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          137      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         20433                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  152875223426                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144458358132074                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   21782722839937                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  20433                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 254487044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   305681738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              31623631                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           286843937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              615569                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  21854348                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     36329369                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  286843937                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     615569                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         408069396                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        220764282                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            654863                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           369158                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           53594178                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          53386440                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   104129768                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  55092973                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 49036795                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             21781919377750.640625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             803462186.357767                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        60278612                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               14298      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               201088931     65.77%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 241436      0.08%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   39594      0.01%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  42871      0.01%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                  89865      0.03%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  57192      0.02%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 46987      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               55092973     18.02%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              49036795     16.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                305750942                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         497.102757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         104307780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2662569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.175616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   497.102757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.970904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       211278129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      211278129                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     51255898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      51255898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     47236397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47236397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       773277                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       773277                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        35749                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        35749                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1139139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1139139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1162678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1162678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data     98528044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       98528044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data     99301321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      99301321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      1887229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1887229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       479793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       479793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       138703                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       138703                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       139353                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       139353                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        41667                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        41667                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        17897                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17897                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      2506375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      2506375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      2645078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      2645078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     53143127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53143127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     47716190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47716190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       911980                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       911980                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       175102                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       175102                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1180806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1180806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1180575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1180575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    101034419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101034419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    101946399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101946399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.152090                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.152090                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.795839                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.795839                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035287                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035287                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.015160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1386061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         1386061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              2624936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.736586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         254556248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         9553564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.645161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.736586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       518666060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      518666060                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    245002684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     245002684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    245002684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      245002684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    245002684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     245002684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      9553564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9553564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      9553564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      9553564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      9553564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      9553564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    254556248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    254556248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    254556248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    254556248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    254556248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    254556248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      9553052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         9553052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              9553052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   38537                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               38537                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38537                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38537    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38537                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37119     98.32%     98.32% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          605      1.60%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           29      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37753                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        38537                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38537                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        37753                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37753                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        76290                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    5964639                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    36466                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   4610107                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    2071                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    348                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1243                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     124                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                6001105                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               4612178                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        10574746                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         38537                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    10613283                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   79218                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               79218                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        79218                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         79218    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        79218                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        78527     99.27%     99.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          576      0.73%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        79103                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        79218                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        79218                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        79103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        79103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       158321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   28085859                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    79218                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              4746                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    42                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    193                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               28165077                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        28085859                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         79218                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    28165077                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              2404                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1202                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3448081944986.700684                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  14316783611524.492188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          268     22.30%     22.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          837     69.63%     91.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.08%     92.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.08%     92.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.08%     92.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.08%     92.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           93      7.74%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1202                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   16735481486                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144594497874014                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21782874761748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   1203                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  28161134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    33467656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               7671070                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            30906409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              367607                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   2017651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      4146695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   30906409                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     367607                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          43366297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         24471617                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            528243                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           322612                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            6825141                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           6680832                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    10594924                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   5984106                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  4610818                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21782786804962.929688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             87956785.071782                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         6458963                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass               15662      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                22502899     67.23%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  63657      0.19%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   15891      0.05%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  52162      0.16%     67.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 111144      0.33%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  62648      0.19%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 52497      0.16%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                5984106     17.88%     86.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               4610818     13.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 33471484                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         445.051579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          10609759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          341424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.075024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   445.051579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.869241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        21560942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       21560942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      5554411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5554411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      4420150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4420150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        72690                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        72690                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         3153                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3153                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       103251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       103251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        97775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        97775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      9977714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        9977714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     10050404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      10050404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       253066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       253066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        60740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        60740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        12494                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12494                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        21398                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21398                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         2749                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2749                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         7882                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7882                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       335204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       335204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       347698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       347698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      5807477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5807477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      4480890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4480890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        85184                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        85184                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        24551                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        24551                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       106000                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       106000                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       105657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     10312918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10312918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     10398102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10398102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.043576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.146671                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.146671                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.871573                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.871573                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.025934                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025934                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.074600                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074600                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.032503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.033439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       159243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          159243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               326453                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.479901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          28164962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          814202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           34.592106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   508.479901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.993125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        57144126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       57144126                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     27350760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      27350760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     27350760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       27350760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     27350760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      27350760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       814202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       814202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       814202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       814202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       814202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       814202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     28164962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28164962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     28164962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     28164962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     28164962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     28164962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.028908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.028908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.028908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       813690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          813690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               813690                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                12954                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               12954                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              543499                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             543499                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        14792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        22620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         5328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1070166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1070166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1112906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        14792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        12615                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         3996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        31403                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34167640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34167640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34199043                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               14.715402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 535083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               535083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7079882928189001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     14.715402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.919713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.919713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4815747                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4815747                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           2283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             2283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          535083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            535083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         535083                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           535083                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         2283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           2283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        535083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          535083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       535083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         535083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532768                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532768                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    535067                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                15182.783717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   68905161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  4100021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                    16.806051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     865.900965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    54.967266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    55.614101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    2489.951799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    7725.702524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker     2.126871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker     4.295056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst     120.439296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data      71.677257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    54.840821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    47.583886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    1589.173952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    1708.243131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker     1.245842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker     2.803309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     148.316331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     239.901309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.052850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.151975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.471539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.007351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.004375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.096995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.104263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.009053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.014642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.926684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000244                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                143132745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses               143132745                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2933971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       280424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker         3328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         9161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       458293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       834159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       160628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       481972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                5161936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3505997                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3505997                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     18536644                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total        18536644                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                2080                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           3545                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data            517                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data            365                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           7467                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11894                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data         1673                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              2284                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          514257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data            2722                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          138043                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          164111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               819133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      5146188                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst        36489                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      2518354                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst     12765755                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          20466786                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      6873417                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data        17526                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       672366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       516529                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          8079838                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         1838                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data          346                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data        58128                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         8103                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            68415                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2933971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       280424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            5146188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data            7387674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker         3328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         9161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst              36489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data              20248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       458293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       834159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            2518354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data             810409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       160628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       481972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst           12765755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             680640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                34527693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2933971                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       280424                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           5146188                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data           7387674                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker         3328                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         9161                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst             36489                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data             20248                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       458293                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       834159                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           2518354                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data            810409                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       160628                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       481972                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst          12765755                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            680640                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               34527693                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        25219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                33782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         6647                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data          455                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        18256                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         3446                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             28804                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         2606                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data          197                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        21688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         1627                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        569427                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data          2346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         22066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         19281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             613120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        80848                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst         8848                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        82497                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        37288                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          209481                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      2201160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data         9517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       124174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       192290                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2527141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data       393394                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data         1846                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        10338                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data       179833                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         585411                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        25219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            80848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          2770587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst             8848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data            11863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            82497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data           146240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            37288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data           211571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               3383524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        25219                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3125                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           80848                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         2770587                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          192                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst            8848                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data           11863                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1362                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           82497                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data          146240                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1551                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          347                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           37288                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data          211571                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              3383524                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2959190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       283549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker         3520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         9276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       460164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       835521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       162179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       482319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            5195718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3505997                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3505997                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     18536644                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total     18536644                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total            2080                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        10192                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data          972                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        18621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        10913                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40698                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         2969                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data          239                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        21894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         28402                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1083684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data         5068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       160109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       183392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1432253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      5227036                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst        45337                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      2600851                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     12803043                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      20676267                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      9074577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        27043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       796540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       708819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10606979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data       395232                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2192                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        68466                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data       187936                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       653826                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2959190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       283549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        5227036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       10158261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker         3520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         9276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst          45337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data          32111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       460164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       835521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        2600851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data         956649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       162179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       482319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst       12803043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         892211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            37911217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2959190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       283549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       5227036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      10158261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker         3520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         9276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst         45337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data         32111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       460164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       835521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       2600851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data        956649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       162179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       482319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst      12803043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        892211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           37911217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.008522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.011021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.054545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.004066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.009564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.652178                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.468107                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.980398                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.315770                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.707750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.877737                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.824268                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.990591                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.493030                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.919583                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.525455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.462904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.137819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.105135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.428081                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.015467                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.195161                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.031719                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.002912                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.010131                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.242563                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.351921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.155892                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.271282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.238253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.995350                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.842153                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.150995                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.956884                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.895362                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.008522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.011021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.015467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.272742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.054545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.195161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.369437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.004066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.031719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.152867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.009564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.002912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.237131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.089249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.008522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.011021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.015467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.272742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.054545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.012398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.195161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.369437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.004066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.031719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.152867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.009564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.002912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.237131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.089249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1372168                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1372168                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       3939048                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                12996.658634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                    1342441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                   142078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     9.448620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2429.652928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    27.987656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    36.735968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    2176.840866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    1645.177847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    22.990548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    17.480371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     988.179372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    1332.727420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    11.036449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker     3.679274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     707.344514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    1088.556361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    17.469786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    29.535007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst    1011.572982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    1449.691285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.148294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.001708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.132864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.100414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.001403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.001067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.060314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.081343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.043173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.066440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.001066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.001803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.061742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.088482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.793253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008545                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927124                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                  2869638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                 2869638                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        25100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        57459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         3858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        20852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        19808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                 142113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       130292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total          130292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       319968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total          319968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data             28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data             32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data             74                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data            457                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 591                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           92                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data            9336                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data            2441                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data            5891                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data            5493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total                23161                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       178416                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        36224                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst        73868                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst        79193                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            367701                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data        46351                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        17164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        33341                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        35244                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           132100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         2969                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          364                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data          703                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data          971                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total             5007                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        25100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        57459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             178416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data              55687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst              36224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data              19605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         3858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        20852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst              73868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data              39232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        19808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst              79193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data              40737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                  665075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        25100                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        57459                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            178416                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data             55687                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2229                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9461                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst             36224                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data             19605                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         3858                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        20852                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst             73868                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data             39232                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3346                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        19808                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst             79193                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data             40737                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                 665075                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                 1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         2366                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data          703                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         1415                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         2265                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6749                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         2192                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data          684                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         1416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data          3464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data          2934                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data          6327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data          4230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total              16955                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        13788                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst         5968                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst         9294                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst         9058                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           38108                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        17107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data         9235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        13764                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        16605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          56711                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         3048                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         2811                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data         8227                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         4948                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total          19034                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            13788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data            20571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst             5968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data            12169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst             9294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data            20091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst             9058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data            20835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total                112848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          279                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          196                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           13788                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data           20571                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          100                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           56                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst            5968                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data           12169                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           62                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst            9294                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data           20091                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          100                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst            9058                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data           20835                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total               112848                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        25379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        57655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         3991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        19908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total             143187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       130292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       130292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       319968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total       319968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         2394                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data          735                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1489                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         2722                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7340                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         2217                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data          729                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1492                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          5946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        12800                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data         5375                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        12218                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data         9723                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total            40116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       192204                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        42192                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst        83162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst        88251                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        405809                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        63458                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        26399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        47105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        51849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       188811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data         6017                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3175                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data         8930                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         5919                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        24041                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        25379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        57655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         192204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data          76258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst          42192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data          31774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         3991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst          83162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data          59323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        19908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst          88251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data          61572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total              777923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        25379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        57655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        192204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data         76258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         42192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data         31774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         3991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst         83162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data         59323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        19908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst         88251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data         61572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total             777923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.010993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.042937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.005884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.033325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.002965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.042358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.988304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.956463                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.950302                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.832109                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.919482                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.988724                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.938272                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.938992                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.933646                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.956105                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.270625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.545860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.517843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.435051                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.422649                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.071736                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.141449                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.111758                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.102639                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.093906                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.269580                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.349824                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.292198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.320257                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.300359                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.506565                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.885354                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.921277                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.835952                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.791731                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.010993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.071736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.269755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.042937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.141449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.382986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.033325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.002965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.111758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.338671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.042358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.102639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.338384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.145063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.010993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.071736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.269755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.042937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.141449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.382986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.033325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.002965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.111758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.338671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.042358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.102639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.338384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.145063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks               28694                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                    28694                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                        100954                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                13363.158501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                    1596431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                   232613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     6.863034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1891.652833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    30.176574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    66.167623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    1934.835347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    1156.390056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    24.704697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    27.435760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     981.436869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    2199.279430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst       0.020831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data       0.038586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    28.380356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    22.831869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    2080.580462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    2919.226938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.115457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.001842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.004039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.118093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.070580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.001508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.001675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.059902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.134233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.001732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.126989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.178175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.815622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14711                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14711                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.897888                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                  3483835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                 3483835                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        23142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        41546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         3188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        16171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         1721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         5689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        22634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                 122421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       225510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total          225510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       330542                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          330542                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data            158                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data             76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data             28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data            543                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 805                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          196                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data           15873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data            5046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data            3223                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           10373                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total                34515                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       148982                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst        79358                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst        32720                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst        80983                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            342043                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        81318                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        35584                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        19538                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        53317                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           189757                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1516                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data          833                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data          449                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         2488                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             5286                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        23142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        41546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             148982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data              97191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        16171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst              79358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data              40630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         1721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst              32720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data              22761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         5689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        22634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst              80983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data              63690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                  688736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        23142                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        41546                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            148982                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data             97191                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         3188                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        16171                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst             79358                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data             40630                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         1721                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8330                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst             32720                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data             22761                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         5689                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        22634                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst             80983                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data             63690                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                 688736                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                 1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         1785                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          603                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data          637                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2740                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         1370                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          362                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data          719                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5191                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         15431                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         11252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data          2827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data          6061                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total              35571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        25992                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst         9799                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst         5312                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        15067                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           56170                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        47021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        16879                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data         8279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        26169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          98348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        15151                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         3083                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         2641                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         6111                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          26986                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            25992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data            62452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst             9799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data            28131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst             5312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data            11106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            15067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data            32230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total                191732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          425                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          466                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           25992                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data           62452                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst            9799                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data           28131                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst            5312                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data           11106                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          199                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           15067                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data           32230                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total               191732                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        23567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        42012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        16305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         5888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        22739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             124064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       225510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       225510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       330542                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       330542                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         1861                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data          631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1180                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5954                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2933                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         1566                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data          408                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data          874                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          5781                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        31304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        16298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data         6050                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        16434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total            70086                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       174974                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst        89157                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst        38032                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst        96050                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        398213                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       128339                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        52463                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        27817                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        79486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       288105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        16667                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3916                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3090                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data         8599                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        32272                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        23567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        42012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         174974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         159643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        16305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst          89157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data          68761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst          38032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data          33867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         5888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        22739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst          96050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data          95920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total              880468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        23567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        42012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        174974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        159643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        16305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst         89157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data         68761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst         38032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data         33867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         5888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        22739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst         96050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data         95920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total             880468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.018034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.011092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.051190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.058019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.004303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.033798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.004618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.013243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.930762                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.959162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.955626                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.539831                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.864797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.934197                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.874840                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.887255                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.822654                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.897942                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.492940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.690391                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.467273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.368809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.507534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.148548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.109907                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.139672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.156866                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.141055                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.366381                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.321732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.297624                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.329228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.909042                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.787283                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.854693                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.710664                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.836205                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.018034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.011092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.148548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.391198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.051190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.109907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.409113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.058019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.004303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.139672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.327930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.033798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.004618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.156866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.336009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.217761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.018034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.011092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.148548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.391198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.051190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.109907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.409113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.058019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.004303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.139672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.327930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.033798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.004618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.156866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.336009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.217761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks               68399                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                    68399                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                        198874                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                14955.651329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                   47281340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  4276919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    11.055000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2304.831457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     4.021291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     3.618360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     206.650737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     336.896393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    43.379884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    41.729627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    1808.067624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    2120.262537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    28.242067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    55.532996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    1781.644563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    2231.285368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    37.011525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    42.054983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    1883.409799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    2027.012119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.140676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.012613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.020563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.002648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.002547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.110356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.129411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.108743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.136187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.002259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.114954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.123719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.912821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.023621                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976379                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                 99341003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses                99341003                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker      7199094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       100448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        58989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       107405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       459243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2889697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       108818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       233243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total               11156937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2569175                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2569175                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      9531896                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total         9531896                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           2044                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data            478                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           1110                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           1459                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5091                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          627                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data         1001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              2268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data          126678                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data           18113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          409131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           40754                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total               594676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       657323                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       323273                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      9321696                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       770409                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          11072701                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data      1332466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data        82918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1858898                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       206740                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3481022                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         5138                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data         6886                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       105730                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        14074                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           131828                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker      7199094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       100448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             657323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data            1459144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        58989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       107405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst             323273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data             101031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       459243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2889697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst            9321696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            2268029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       108818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       233243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             770409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             247494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                26305336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker      7199094                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       100448                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            657323                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data           1459144                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        58989                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       107405                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst            323273                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data            101031                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       459243                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2889697                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst           9321696                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           2268029                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       108818                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       233243                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            770409                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            247494                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               26305336                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker        56107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        16060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total                91583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         5098                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         1387                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        19513                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         5888                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total             31886                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         3678                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data          727                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        14368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         4622                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23395                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        387558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data          4480                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data         46833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         10573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             449444                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        66548                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        20715                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       231868                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        43793                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          362924                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data      2663123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        18521                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       191432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        48502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2921578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data       168645                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         1314                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        33480                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         7238                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total         210677                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker        56107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            66548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data          3050681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst            20715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data            23001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        16060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           231868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           238265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            43793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data            59075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               3825529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker        56107                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           66548                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data         3050681                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          637                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          836                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           20715                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data           23001                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        16060                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13140                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          231868                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          238265                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1693                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           43793                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data           59075                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              3825529                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker      7255201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       101659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        59626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       108241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       475303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2902837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       110511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       235142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total           11248520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2569175                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2569175                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      9531896                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total      9531896                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         7142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         1865                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        20623                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         7347                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36977                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3821                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         1224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        14995                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         5623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         25663                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       514236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        22593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       455964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        51327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1044120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       723871                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       343988                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      9553564                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       814202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      11435625                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data      3995589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       101439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2050330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       255242                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6402600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data       173783                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data         8200                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       139210                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        21312                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       342505                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker      7255201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       101659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         723871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        4509825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        59626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       108241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         343988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         124032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       475303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2902837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst        9553564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        2506294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       110511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       235142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         814202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         306569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            30130865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker      7255201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       101659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        723871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       4509825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        59626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       108241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst        343988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data        124032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       475303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2902837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst       9553564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       2506294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       110511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       235142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        814202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        306569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           30130865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.007733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.011912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.713806                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.743700                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.946177                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.801416                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.862320                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.962575                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.593954                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.958186                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.821981                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.911624                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.753658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.198292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.102712                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.205993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.430452                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.091934                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.060220                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024270                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.053786                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.031736                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.666516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.182583                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.093366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.190024                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.456311                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.970434                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.160244                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.240500                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.339621                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.615106                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.007733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.011912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.091934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.676452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.060220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.185444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.024270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.095067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.053786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.192697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.126964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.007733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.011912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.091934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.676452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.060220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.185444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.095067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.053786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.192697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.126964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              774483                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   774483                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       4054569                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      17562258                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8434853                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1487609                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6433347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              24482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             24482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2776512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5718203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           107576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          76465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          140651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1107698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1107416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6400826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1374978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1374908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1605233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1605233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        29874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        48050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11890183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total     11968107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       379631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total       383105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       642839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total       647435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        18076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12068173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total     12096185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               26700065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34243264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34243264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        96100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    304259008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    304378580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9014912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total      9021248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16590080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total     16596159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        36152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    294116992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    294158940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               658398191                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9124546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.224025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.610097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 7741947     84.85%     84.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  964605     10.57%     95.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  174458      1.91%     97.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  243536      2.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9124546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     67597675                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     32955106                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3690540                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        319337                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       219367                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        99970                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           5345108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         36700655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            15782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           15782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3505997                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     20674220                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean           2080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        9174643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          61628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        36414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         98042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1435609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1435609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     20676268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10679279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        60736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        60736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       653890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       653890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     15680596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     31947832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       568690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      6066436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       135499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       116473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        19898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        12798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      7802044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3188812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1676834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       929092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     38408617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3362639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1007716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       362392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total            111286368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    669027840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    792085941                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      2274760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     24265744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      5770368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3373249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        79592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        51192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    332876288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     92077057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      6707336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      3716368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side   1638756736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    112453085                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      4030864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1449568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            3688995988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        4855491                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 87818752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        43754775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.127474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.491167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              40203500     91.88%     91.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               2315853      5.29%     97.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                471801      1.08%     98.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                736338      1.68%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 27283      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          43754775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1358644                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       632049                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       164565                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        159783                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        61493                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        98290                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq            154516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           751899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       130292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       403761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         112221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           7755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         14085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           40279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          40279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       405809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       191574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        24058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        24058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       576100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       256418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       116612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        51990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       126064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       111674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        20150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         6502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       248974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       210823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        43482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        10064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       264241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       213848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        42288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        15702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total              2314932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     24569344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      7230978                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       466448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       207960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      5367808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3292254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        80600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        26008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     10611968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      6377590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       173928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        40256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     11263360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      6282794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       169152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        62808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total              76223256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                         596384                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                  1836416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         1412179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.423328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.960320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               1114438     78.92%     78.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                134806      9.55%     88.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                 67377      4.77%     93.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                 53977      3.82%     97.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 41581      2.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           1412179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1632222                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       795084                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       128825                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        133437                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        51551                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        81886                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            145953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           835973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       225510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       396165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         158523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           6412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         13307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           70606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          70606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       398213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       291807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        32363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        32363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       524410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       542282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        89654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        56702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       266959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       228034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        35138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        10210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       113584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       117165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        18374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side         5846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       287638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       321282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        49862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        23788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total              2690928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     22363904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     16449028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       358616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       226808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     11379328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      7426922                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       140552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        40840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      4835328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3496421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        73496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        23384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     12261632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     10260780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       199448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        95152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total              89631639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                         572112                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                  4377536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         1517056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.316870                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.799411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               1251006     82.46%     82.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                138545      9.13%     91.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                 59084      3.89%     95.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                 49687      3.28%     98.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 18734      1.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           1517056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     38629698                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     18249539                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3383683                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        411174                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       309030                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       102144                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891734288136500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq          11286719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         29161828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq             6952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp            6952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2569175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11433577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        5192330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          42488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        32229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         74717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1045246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1045246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     11435625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6439484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       342742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       342742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      2171101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     14086136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       208386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     14554800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1031452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       422034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       216482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       119372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     28660180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      8042782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5805674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       950606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      2442094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1048319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       474156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       229854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total             80463428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     92622720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    350367960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       833544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     58219200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     43997696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     12178160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       865928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       477488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1222823424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    250258788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     23222696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3802424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    104185088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     30686960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1896624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       919416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            2197358116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        4482177                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 49566912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        35035361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.132501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.507851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              32242214     92.03%     92.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               1577811      4.50%     96.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                603226      1.72%     98.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                590471      1.69%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 21639      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          35035361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
