
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              25954.218523                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                25954218523269500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               32701341578050500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2327958                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2601651                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           6183315149057                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4921568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4197.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  9771509618                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10920326684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker        43328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       2882560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      75046400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       107456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        62400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       2637312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       8547712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        18880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker         8320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       1287360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       1940800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker      4488896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker       101696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       8766592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data     178683392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        59136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       4890368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       5469184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker       180736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker       952192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst      12563264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data      12205056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        34112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1920640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       5998016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        503424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data        798592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        17792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        12928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       1378560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       2191680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        17472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker         7808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1297600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       3256320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        20800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        14272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1353728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       4292416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1833792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       5534720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1428352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       4251328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       260928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       417920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       8781184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       8793920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      6478080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      5016128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      93905280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      75617600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       527744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker       765760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst      14582848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data      12555328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          585066368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      2882560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      2637312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      1287360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      8766592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      4890368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst     12563264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1920640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       503424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      1378560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1297600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1353728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1833792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1428352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      8781184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     93905280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst     14582848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     160012864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    226191040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       226191040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker          677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker          556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          45040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1172600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          41208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         133558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          20115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          30325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker        70139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker         1589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst         136978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data        2791928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          76412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          85456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         2824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker        14878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst         196301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         190704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          30010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          93719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst           7866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          12478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          21540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          34245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          20275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          50880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          21152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          67069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          28653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          86480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          22318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          66427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         4077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker         6530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst         137206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         137405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker       101220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        78377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst        1467270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data        1181525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         8246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker        11965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst         227857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         196177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9141662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3534235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3534235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             2891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst               50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data               75                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker          173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             6885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst               19                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data               31                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst               53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data               84                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               71                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               55                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 22542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst           50                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           74                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst           19                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst           53                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           50                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           52                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           71                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           55                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3618                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             6165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            8715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 8715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            8715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            2891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst              50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data              75                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker          173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            6885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst              19                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data              31                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst              53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data              84                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              71                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              55                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                31257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         4235728462997635                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           4235728462997635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 32701341578050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         4235728462997635                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           4235728462997635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 32701341578050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         4235728462997635                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           4235728462997635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 32701341578050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         4235728462997635                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           4235728462997635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 32701341578050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   15711                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               15711                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        15711                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         15711    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        15711                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14573     98.59%     98.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          165      1.12%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           44      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14782                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        15711                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        15711                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        14782                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14782                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        30493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   14106609                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    14515                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  12584855                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    1196                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    836                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  443                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     356                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               14121124                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              12586051                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        26691464                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         15711                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    26707175                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   41497                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               41497                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        41497                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         41497    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        41497                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41180     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          133      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41313                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        41497                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        41497                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        41313                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41313                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        82810                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                   62978550                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    41497                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    448                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses               63020047                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                        62978550                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         41497                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                    63020047                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              3941                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1971                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   13168025767738.414062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  25211837751857.871094                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          660     33.49%     33.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          848     43.02%     76.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.05%     76.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.05%     76.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.05%     76.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.05%     76.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.05%     76.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.05%     76.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          457     23.19%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113349624                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1971                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   39735056802                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954178788212416                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   65344867536943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   1971                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                  63017441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                    79468335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts              17559057                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            73631056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               40824                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   3708608                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts      8554230                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                   73631056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      40824                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads         103543391                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         59077211                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             49910                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            26976                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           32924242                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          18425137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    26646468                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  14059016                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 12587452                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             65344767496120.445312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             100040822.555417                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                        12849840                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                1261      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                52691691     66.30%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  86549      0.11%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   24137      0.03%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   3822      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   7900      0.01%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   5044      0.01%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  3838      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               43      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               14059016     17.69%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              12587452     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                 79470757                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         434.507486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          26687839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1582464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           16.864737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   434.507486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.848647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        54963390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses       54963390                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     12864519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      12864519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     11777094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     11777094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       124867                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       124867                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         1712                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1712                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       158466                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       158466                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       151006                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       151006                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     24643325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24643325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     24768192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24768192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data       951943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       951943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       622939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       622939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        10259                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10259                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        15322                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15322                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         1317                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1317                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data         8395                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8395                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      1590204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      1590204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      1600463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      1600463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     13816462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13816462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     12400033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12400033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       135126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       135126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        17034                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17034                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       159783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       159783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       159401                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       159401                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     26233529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26233529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     26368655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26368655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.068899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.050237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.075922                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.075922                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.899495                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.899495                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.008242                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008242                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.052666                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052666                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.060617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       755844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          755844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              1551313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs          63019863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          616366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          102.244223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses       126656092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses      126656092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst     62403497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      62403497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst     62403497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       62403497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst     62403497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      62403497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       616366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       616366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       616366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       616366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       616366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       616366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst     63019863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63019863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst     63019863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     63019863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst     63019863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     63019863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.009781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.009781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.009781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       615854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          615854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               615854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   46074                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               46074                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        46074                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         46074    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        46074                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        38253     99.24%     99.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          113      0.29%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          181      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        38547                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        46074                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        46074                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        38547                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        38547                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        84621                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                  358945686                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    29483                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                 355088442                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                   16591                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    222                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  897                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     118                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses              358975169                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses             355105033                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       714034128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         46074                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   714080202                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   47847                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               47847                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        47847                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         47847    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        47847                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        47493     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          163      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        47656                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        47847                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        47847                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        47656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        47656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        95503                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                 6692068231                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    47847                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    107                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses             6692116078                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                      6692068231                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         47847                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                  6692116078                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               815                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          408                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   63604378364152.148438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1079620095315263                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          242     59.31%     59.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          117     28.68%     87.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           49     12.01%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 21809920198032000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           408                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3632150695423                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25950586372574076                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8288596650882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    408                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                6692107727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                  7264293157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts            6658917048                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses          6568603542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               23666                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                 460200990                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    739501422                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                 6568603542                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      23666                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        9417769787                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes       4553781411                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             24795                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             8493                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads        21667780794                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes        4675736578                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   736891390                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 382357271                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                354534119                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8287436707188.739258                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             1159943693.260905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000140                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999860                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                      1181635472                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 341      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              6461230680     88.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult               61603868      0.85%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   25603      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    984      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   2122      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   1364      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                   968      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4543995      0.06%     89.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              382357271      5.26%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             354534103      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total               7264301317                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         367.518997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         714015666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1078846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          661.832797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   367.518997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.717811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.717811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1429209900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1429209900                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data    357745046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     357745046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data    353812865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    353812865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data       118373                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       118373                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         1577                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       623361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       623361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       624505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       624505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    711559488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      711559488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    711677861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     711677861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       474099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       474099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       132771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       132771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         7058                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7058                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       470978                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       470978                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         3100                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3100                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         1874                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1874                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1077848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1077848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1084906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1084906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data    358219145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    358219145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data    353945636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    353945636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data       125431                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       125431                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       472555                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       472555                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       626461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       626461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       626379                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       626379                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    712637336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    712637336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    712762767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    712762767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.000375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.056270                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.056270                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.996663                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.996663                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004948                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004948                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002992                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       897839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          897839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1073732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.963864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs        6692115887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          944984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         7081.724015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.963864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13385176758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses    13385176758                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst   6691170903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6691170903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst   6691170903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total     6691170903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst   6691170903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total    6691170903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       944984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       944984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       944984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       944984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       944984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       944984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst   6692115887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6692115887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst   6692115887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total   6692115887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst   6692115887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total   6692115887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       944471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          944471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               944471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                    5758                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong                5758                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5758                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5758    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5758                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1845559640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1845559640    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1845559640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4911     98.08%     98.08% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           72      1.44%     99.52% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           24      0.48%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5007                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         5758                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5758                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        10765                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    2072077                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                     5356                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   1381473                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                     402                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    167                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  162                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                      60                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                2077433                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               1381875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                         3453550                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                          5758                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                     3459308                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   13185                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               13185                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13185                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13185    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13185                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1845865640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1845865640    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1845865640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13075     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           45      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13120                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13185                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13185                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13120                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13120                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26305                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                    9645188                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    13185                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                9658373                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                         9645188                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         13185                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                     9658373                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               479                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          240                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   106756113073349.328125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1407182524748376.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          119     49.58%     49.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           71     29.58%     79.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.42%     79.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           49     20.42%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 21809916194498000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           240                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  332751385665661                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25621467137603840                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21782850767345                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    240                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   9656776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    11205287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts               4019238                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            10134127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               45603                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                    481851                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      1822105                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   10134127                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      45603                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          14106329                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          8012002                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads             63828                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            37633                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            3184032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           3147219                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     3451419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   2070365                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  1381054                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21782846064519.097656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             4702825.899993                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         2389900                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                1833      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 7704061     68.74%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  15025      0.13%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                    2348      0.02%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                   6205      0.06%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  12551      0.11%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                   7332      0.07%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                  6028      0.05%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                2070365     18.47%     87.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               1381054     12.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 11206819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         374.428318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           3453526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          105201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.827882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079868837045000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   374.428318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.731305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.731305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.728516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         7020971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses        7020971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      1924996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1924996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      1308121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1308121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        28846                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        28846                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         1520                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1520                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        41221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        41221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        41082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        41082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      3234637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        3234637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      3263483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       3263483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data        77937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        77937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        18650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         2867                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2867                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data         7032                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7032                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data          563                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          563                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data          634                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          634                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       103619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       103619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       106486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       106486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      2002933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2002933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1326771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1326771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        31713                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        31713                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data         8552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         8552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        41784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        41784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        41716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        41716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      3338256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3338256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      3369969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3369969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.038911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.014057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.090405                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.090405                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.822264                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.822264                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015198                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015198                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.031040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.031599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        59919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           59919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               102243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.435908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs           9658308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          144901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           66.654530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079868837040000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   505.435908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.987180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        19461517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       19461517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst      9513407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       9513407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst      9513407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        9513407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst      9513407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       9513407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       144901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       144901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       144901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       144901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       144901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       144901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      9658308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9658308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst      9658308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      9658308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst      9658308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      9658308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.015003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.015003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.015003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       144389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          144389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               144389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                 2434578                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong             2434578                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2434578                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2434578    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2434578                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -222759156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -222759156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -222759156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2429269     99.97%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          341      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          355      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2429965                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2434578                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2434578                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2429965                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2429965                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4864543                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                  148729419                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                  2289626                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  74494050                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                  144952                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                   1256                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1518                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     370                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses              151019045                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              74639002                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                       223223469                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                       2434578                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                   225658047                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   49372                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               49372                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        49372                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         49372    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        49372                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -271669156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -271669156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -271669156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49022     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          185      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49207                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        49372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        49372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        49207                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49207                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        98579                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  658959412                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    49372                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    786                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              659008784                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       658959412                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         49372                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   659008784                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              2443                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1222                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   21238823321034.699219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  98061512566221.843750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          798     65.30%     65.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          143     11.70%     77.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.08%     77.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.08%     77.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          279     22.83%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3206501355240000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1222                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  376424965098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25953842098304404                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   65328485044680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   1222                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 659001928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   752843276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             607686056                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           691163470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses              518943                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  29255936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts     83444891                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  691163470                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                     518943                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads         940772878                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        592086321                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            663814                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes           441250                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads          233145384                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         228543812                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   225491709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                 150859450                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 74632259                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             65327537558165.328125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             947486514.668762                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000015                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999985                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       122084105                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass               16922      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               519521491     69.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                7424622      0.99%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   13846      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                  49429      0.01%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                 119732      0.02%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  65656      0.01%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                 43693      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              150859450     20.04%     90.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              74632259      9.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                752849967                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         374.896989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs         225642196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4919887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           45.863288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   374.896989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.732221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.732221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       456209783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      456209783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data    146145378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     146145378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     73409080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     73409080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data       265939                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       265939                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data        65929                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        65929                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       407166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       407166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       411125                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       411125                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data    219620387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total      219620387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data    219886326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total     219886326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data      4166775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4166775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       550454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       550454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        18932                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        18932                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data       187205                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       187205                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         9145                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9145                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         5068                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5068                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      4904434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      4904434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      4923366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      4923366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data    150312153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    150312153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     73959534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73959534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data       284871                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       284871                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data       253134                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       253134                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       416311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       416311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       416193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       416193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data    224524821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total    224524821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data    224809692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total    224809692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.027721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.007443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.066458                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.066458                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.739549                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.739549                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.021967                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021967                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.021844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.021900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1453923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total         1453923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              4905108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         507.897415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         659008619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          922807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          714.134829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   507.897415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1318940045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1318940045                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    658085812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     658085812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    658085812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      658085812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    658085812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     658085812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       922807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       922807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       922807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       922807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       922807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       922807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    659008619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    659008619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    659008619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    659008619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    659008619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    659008619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.001400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.001400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.001400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       922295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          922295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               922295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  156835                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              156835                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       156835                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        156835    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       156835                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       153981     98.30%     98.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2509      1.60%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          158      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       156648                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       156835                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       156835                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       156648                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       156648                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       313483                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   15358106                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   148978                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  13064024                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    7857                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    325                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 5264                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     186                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               15507084                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              13071881                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        28422130                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        156835                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    28578965                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  282239                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              282239                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       282239                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        282239    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       282239                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       279638     99.11%     99.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2524      0.89%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       282162                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       282239                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       282239                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       282162                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       282162                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       564401                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   76937923                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   282239                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               77220162                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        76937923                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        282239                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    77220162                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              5251                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2626                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   9883538551583.470703                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  25851250895918.085938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          207      7.88%      7.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1987     75.67%     83.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     83.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.04%     83.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.04%     83.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.08%     83.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            3      0.11%     83.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.04%     83.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.04%     83.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          422     16.07%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2626                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   46286811307                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954172236458192                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   65346234388407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   2626                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  77209771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    92565030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts              26276870                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            85383144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             1581173                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   5505359                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     10455088                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   85383144                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    1581173                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads         121742442                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         67985069                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           2303183                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes          1403102                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads           18210357                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes          17580117                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    28516654                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  15450222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 13066432                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             65346117849811.757812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             116538595.241658                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                        16887948                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               68477      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                62503778     67.52%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                 202508      0.22%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   59448      0.06%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 229599      0.25%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 490570      0.53%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 273908      0.30%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                230402      0.25%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               15450222     16.69%     85.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              13066432     14.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 92575344                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         464.953052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          28568513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1008671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.322925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   464.953052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.908111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        58149281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       58149281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     14297349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      14297349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     12542627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     12542627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       150687                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       150687                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data        13039                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        13039                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       262384                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       262384                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       244248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       244248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     26853015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       26853015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     27003702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      27003702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       752724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       752724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       181519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       181519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        32067                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        32067                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        61180                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        61180                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         6447                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6447                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        24242                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        24242                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       995423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       995423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1027490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1027490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     15050073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15050073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     12724146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12724146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       182754                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       182754                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        74219                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        74219                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       268831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       268831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       268490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       268490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     27848438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27848438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     28031192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28031192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.050015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.175465                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175465                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.824317                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.824317                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.023982                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023982                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.090290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.090290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.035744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       431400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          431400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               972042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.913691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          77220085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2660866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           29.020659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.913691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses       157101036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses      157101036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     74559219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      74559219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     74559219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       74559219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     74559219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      74559219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      2660866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2660866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      2660866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      2660866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      2660866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      2660866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     77220085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77220085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     77220085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     77220085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     77220085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     77220085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2660354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         2660354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              2660354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                  691416                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong              691416                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       691416                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        691416    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       691416                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    664787252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     664787252    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    664787252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       677657     98.30%     98.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        11115      1.61%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          635      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       689407                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       691416                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       691416                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       689407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       689407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1380823                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   59050226                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                   663188                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  49782788                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                   28228                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                   1742                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                28549                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     382                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               59713414                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              49811016                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                       108833014                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                        691416                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                   109524430                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                 1217044                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong             1217044                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1217044                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1217044    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1217044                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    664782252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0     664782252    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total    664782252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1205628     99.08%     99.08% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        11215      0.92%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1216843                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1217044                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1217044                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1216843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1216843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2433887                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  291341870                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                  1217044                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                   1568                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              292558914                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       291341870                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                       1217044                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   292558914                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions             22630                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        11315                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2264364624208.095703                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  36631183546487.742188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1243     10.99%     10.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         9292     82.12%     93.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.01%     93.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.02%     93.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.01%     93.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            4      0.04%     93.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.01%     93.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.02%     93.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.01%     93.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            3      0.03%     93.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          765      6.76%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3781157245257000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         11315                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  332932800354255                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25621285722914604                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   65281732202553                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                  11316                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 292514235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   350493566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts              88081299                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           322661042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses             6862508                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  21578045                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     40972914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  322661042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                    6862508                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads         460165050                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        254631110                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads          10005498                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes          6105454                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads           68695876                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes          66572487                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                   109331273                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  59543014                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 49788259                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             65281291364538.062500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             440838014.940747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                        65896092                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass              297849      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               234725688     66.96%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                 652233      0.19%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                  200299      0.06%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                 998768      0.28%     67.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                2136210      0.61%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                1191396      0.34%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc               1004328      0.29%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               59543014     16.99%     85.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              49788259     14.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                350538044                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         440.087499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs         109492908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4037682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.117764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079880590088500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   440.087499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.859546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.644531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       223023498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      223023498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     54866525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      54866525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     47735490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47735490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data       581093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       581093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data       124684                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       124684                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data      1005727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1005727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data       938549                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       938549                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data    102726699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total      102726699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data    103307792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total     103307792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data      3069377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3069377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       695763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       695763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data       128259                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       128259                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data       200233                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       200233                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data        41011                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        41011                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data       106197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       106197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data      3965373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total      3965373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data      4093632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total      4093632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     57935902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57935902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     48431253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48431253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data       709352                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       709352                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data       324917                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       324917                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data      1046738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1046738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data      1044746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1044746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data    106692072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total    106692072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data    107401424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total    107401424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.052979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.180812                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.180812                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.616259                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.616259                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.039180                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.039180                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.101649                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.101649                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.037167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.038115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1682340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total         1682340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements              3900679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.435677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         292558713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs        11239678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.029101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079880590083500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   505.435677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.987179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses       596357104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses      596357104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    281319035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     281319035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    281319035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      281319035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    281319035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     281319035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst     11239678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11239678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst     11239678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total     11239678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst     11239678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total     11239678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    292558713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    292558713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    292558713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    292558713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    292558713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    292558713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.038419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.038419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.038419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11239166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total        11239166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements             11239166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   18922                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               18922                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18922                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18922    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18922                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1602833844                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1602833844    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1602833844                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17552     98.66%     98.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          184      1.03%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           55      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        17791                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        18922                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18922                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        17791                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        17791                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        36713                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    6855398                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    17682                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   4131740                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    1240                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    711                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  252                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     332                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                6873080                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               4132980                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        10987138                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         18922                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    11006060                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   18701                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               18701                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18701                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18701    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18701                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1552142344                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1552142344    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1552142344                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        18378     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           66      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18444                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        18701                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18701                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        18444                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18444                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        37145                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   29701449                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    18701                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    316                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               29720150                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        29701449                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         18701                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    29720150                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              1067                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          534                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   48603372988559.117188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  169062158880370.437500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          118     22.10%     22.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          156     29.21%     51.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.19%     51.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          259     48.50%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3811378398485500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           534                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   17347378930                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954201175890568                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   65328485043181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    534                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  29717497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    34692306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts              16702880                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            31953615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               34417                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                   1270248                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      5045567                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   31953615                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      34417                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          43519071                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         25632974                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             38005                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            20900                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            8943750                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           8833824                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    10980522                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   6848886                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  4131636                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             65328441378705.773438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             43664475.224557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         6649707                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 886      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                23620076     68.08%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  63801      0.18%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   15516      0.04%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   2492      0.01%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   5322      0.02%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   3544      0.01%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  2537      0.01%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                6848886     19.74%     88.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               4131636     11.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 34694702                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.875155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          11002786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          301276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.520619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   395.875155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.773194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.773194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        22308000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses       22308000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      6432038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6432038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      3939397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3939397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        82588                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        82588                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1816                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1816                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       119707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       119707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data       112748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       112748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     10373251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       10373251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     10455839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      10455839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       231381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       231381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        51540                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51540                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         4741                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4741                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        18223                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18223                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         7678                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7678                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       301144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       301144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       305885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       305885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      6663419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6663419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      3990937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3990937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        87329                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        87329                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        20039                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        20039                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       120636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       120636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       120426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       120426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     10674395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10674395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     10761724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10761724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.034724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.054289                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054289                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.909377                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.909377                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.007701                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007701                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.063757                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.063757                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       146570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          146570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               292407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         507.897393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          29719893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          210341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          141.293866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   507.897393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        59650127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       59650127                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     29509552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      29509552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     29509552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       29509552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     29509552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      29509552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       210341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       210341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       210341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       210341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       210341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       210341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     29719893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29719893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     29719893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     29719893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     29719893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     29719893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       209829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          209829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               209829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    1223                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                1223                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1223                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1223    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1223                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1465559452                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1465559452    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1465559452                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1101     98.13%     98.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           16      1.43%     99.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            5      0.45%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1122                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1223                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1223                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1122                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1122                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    2263300                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     1052                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   1934287                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     171                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    115                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   39                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      29                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                2264352                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               1934458                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         4197587                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          1223                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     4198810                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   10697                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               10697                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10697                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10697    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10697                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10648     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10659                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10659                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10659                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21356                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   10862807                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    10697                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                     65                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               10873504                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        10862807                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         10697                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    10873504                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              1295                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          648                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   40052796423551.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  34964885079757.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          112     17.28%     17.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          106     16.36%     33.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          430     66.36%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           648                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    6440807959                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954212082461536                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   65242468633795                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    648                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  10873094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    12881472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts                972784                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            11975555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                6255                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    919726                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      1384748                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   11975555                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                       6255                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          17125869                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          9509054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads              6463                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             3275                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2570304                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2549254                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     4193762                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   2259408                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  1934354                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             65242452443226.273438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             16190568.729316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         2405056                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 130      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 8656364     67.20%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  23086      0.18%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    6514      0.05%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    354      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                    736      0.01%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    520      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   374      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                2259408     17.54%     84.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               1934354     15.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 12881844                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         421.082053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           4195175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           98166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           42.735519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   421.082053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.822426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         8492356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses        8492356                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      2132058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2132058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      1881248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1881248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        21593                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        21593                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          409                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          409                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        26705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        24911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      4013715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4013715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      4035308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4035308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        80499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        80499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        19558                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19558                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         2146                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2146                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         3903                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3903                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       103960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       103960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       106106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       106106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      2212557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2212557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      1900806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1900806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23739                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        23739                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         4312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        26971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        26790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      4117675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4117675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      4141414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4141414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.036383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.010289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.090400                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.090400                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.905148                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.905148                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.009862                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009862                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.070138                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070138                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.025247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.025621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        36751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           36751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                83644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.926008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          10873466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          192409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           56.512253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   510.926008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.997902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        21939341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       21939341                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     10681057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10681057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     10681057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10681057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     10681057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10681057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       192409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       192409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       192409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       192409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       192409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       192409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     10873466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10873466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     10873466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10873466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     10873466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10873466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.017695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.017695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.017695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       191897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          191897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               191897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                    4490                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                4490                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4490                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4490    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4490                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1394564548                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1394564548    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1394564548                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3637     99.05%     99.05% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           32      0.87%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3672                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         4490                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4490                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         3672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         8162                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    2285921                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                     3923                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                   1487600                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     567                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    800                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  141                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     211                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                2289844                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses               1488167                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         3773521                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                          4490                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     3778011                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   11124                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               11124                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11124                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11124    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11124                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1349672548                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1349672548    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1349672548                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10931     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           72      0.65%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11003                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11124                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11124                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11003                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11003                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22127                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                   10234603                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    11124                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    635                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses               10245727                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                        10234603                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         11124                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                    10245727                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               477                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          239                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   108595031834151.671875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1430822948932784.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          122     51.05%     51.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          112     46.86%     97.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.42%     98.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      1.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 21809440169058000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           239                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    5914907254                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954212608362248                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783802818224                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    239                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                  10244023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                    11828180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts               3773103                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses            10797515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               43893                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    514343                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      1848959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                   10797515                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      43893                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          14763473                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          8523501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads             59988                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            36249                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            3041601                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           3018024                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     3770854                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   2282876                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                  1487978                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21783797853753.375000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             4964470.625678                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         2461793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                1751      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 8005003     67.67%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  19620      0.17%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    2393      0.02%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   5651      0.05%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  11762      0.10%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   7004      0.06%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  5725      0.05%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                2282876     19.30%     87.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite               1487978     12.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                 11829763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         377.121470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           3776587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          120802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.262620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   377.121470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.736565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.736565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         7673976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses        7673976                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      2111147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2111147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data      1400760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1400760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        42160                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        42160                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         1003                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1003                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        48609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        45346                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        45346                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      3512910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        3512910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      3555070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       3555070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data        83625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        25153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         2855                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2855                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        11820                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11820                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         3621                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3621                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data       120598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       120598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data       123453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       123453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      2194772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2194772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1425913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1425913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        45015                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45015                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        12823                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        12823                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        49097                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        49097                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        48967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        48967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      3633508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3633508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      3678523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3678523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.038102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.017640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.063423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.063423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.921781                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.921781                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.009940                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009940                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.073948                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073948                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.033191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.033560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        70313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           70313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               116744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         507.897342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs          10245606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          121706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           84.183245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   507.897342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        20612918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       20612918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst     10123900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10123900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst     10123900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10123900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst     10123900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10123900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       121706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       121706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       121706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       121706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       121706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       121706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst     10245606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10245606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst     10245606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10245606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst     10245606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10245606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.011879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.011879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.011879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       121194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          121194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               121194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    9630                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                9630                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9630                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9630    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9630                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1130414748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1130414748    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1130414748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8103     98.84%     98.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           76      0.93%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8198                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9630                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9630                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17828                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    4041652                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     8941                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   2383875                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     689                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    421                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  125                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     191                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                4050593                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               2384564                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         6425527                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          9630                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     6435157                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   10894                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               10894                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10894                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10894    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10894                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1175030248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1175030248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1175030248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10684     99.69%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           33      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10717                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10894                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10894                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10717                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10717                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21611                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   17961215                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    10894                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               17972109                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        17961215                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         10894                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    17972109                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               863                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          432                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   60079185493626.640625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  186167729892891.468750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           80     18.52%     18.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           93     21.53%     40.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.23%     40.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          258     59.72%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3811440402231500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           432                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10390022793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954208133246708                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   65303269258556                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    432                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  17969735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    20777817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               8617590                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            18955890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               25642                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    813781                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      3374282                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   18955890                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      25642                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          25859518                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         15105850                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             31211                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            18539                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            5682600                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           5640984                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     6417371                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   4033310                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  2384061                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             65303243116300.843750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             26142255.156433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         4356324                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 853      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                14307501     68.85%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  34224      0.16%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    6300      0.03%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   2528      0.01%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   5257      0.03%     69.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   3412      0.02%     69.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  2566      0.01%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                4033310     19.41%     88.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               2384061     11.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 20780014                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         338.902201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           6431541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          173500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.069401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   338.902201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.661918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.661918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.662109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13038374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13038374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      3782032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3782032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      2264494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2264494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        57570                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        57570                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1110                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1110                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        72948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        72948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        68716                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        68716                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      6047636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        6047636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      6105206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       6105206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       132314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        32885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         3258                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3258                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        11155                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11155                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         4592                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4592                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       176354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       176354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       179612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       179612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      3914346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3914346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      2297379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2297379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        60828                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        60828                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        12265                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        12265                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        73415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        73308                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        73308                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      6223990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6223990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      6284818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6284818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.033802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.053561                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053561                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.909499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.909499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.006361                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006361                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.062640                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062640                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.028335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.028579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        88847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           88847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               164875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         507.897320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          17971932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          132539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          135.597311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   507.897320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        36076403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       36076403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     17839393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      17839393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     17839393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       17839393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     17839393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      17839393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       132539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       132539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       132539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       132539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       132539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       132539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     17971932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17971932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     17971932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     17971932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     17971932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     17971932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       132027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          132027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               132027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   14573                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               14573                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14573                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14573    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14573                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1553784156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1553784156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1553784156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12908     98.69%     98.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          136      1.04%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           36      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13080                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14573                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14573                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        13080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                    5045928                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    13668                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                   2784261                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     905                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    470                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  326                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     217                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                5059596                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses               2785166                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         7830189                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         14573                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     7844762                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   13544                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               13544                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13544                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13544    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13544                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1554090156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1554090156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1554090156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13309     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           40      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13349                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13349                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13349                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26893                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                   21909052                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    13544                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses               21922596                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                        21909052                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         13544                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                    21922596                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               249                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   174479854810008.468750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1950694882386599.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           52     41.60%     41.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           71     56.80%     98.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.80%     99.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      0.80%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 21809436199855500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144236672018440                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 21809981851251060                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21783810756515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    125                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                  21920011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                    25254177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts              12943555                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses            23060343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               25163                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    834910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      4165839                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                   23060343                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      25163                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          31241313                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes         18393768                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             27693                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            15474                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            7134897                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           7070004                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     7830571                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   5046298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                  2784273                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21783800157324.128906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             10599190.868191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         5222100                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 642      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                17359729     68.73%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  44919      0.18%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   10507      0.04%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   1853      0.01%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   3939      0.02%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   2568      0.01%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  1835      0.01%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                5046298     19.98%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite               2784273     11.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                 25256567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         375.728649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           7842778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          217628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.037541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347098448500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   375.728649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.733845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.733845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15903184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15903184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data      4735890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4735890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data      2647277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2647277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        62780                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        62780                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1491                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1491                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        87291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        87291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        83256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        83256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      7384658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        7384658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      7447438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       7447438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       168508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data        34028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         3075                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3075                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data        14094                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14094                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         4513                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4513                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       216630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       216630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       219705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       219705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data      4904398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4904398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data      2681305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2681305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        65855                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65855                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data        15585                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15585                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        87866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        87866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        87769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        87769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      7601288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7601288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      7667143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7667143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.034359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012691                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012691                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.046693                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.046693                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.904331                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.904331                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006544                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006544                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.051419                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051419                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.028499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.028655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       110382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          110382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               215012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         430.246711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs          21922401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          146971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          149.161406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347098443500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   430.246711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.840326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses        43991773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses       43991773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst     21775430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      21775430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst     21775430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       21775430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst     21775430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      21775430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       146971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       146971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       146971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       146971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       146971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       146971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst     21922401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21922401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst     21922401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     21922401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst     21922401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     21922401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.006704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.006704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.006704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       146459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          146459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               146459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   17288                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               17288                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17288                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17288    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17288                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -835208248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -835208248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -835208248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16524     98.66%     98.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          170      1.01%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           55      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16749                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        17288                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17288                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        16749                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16749                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        34037                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    6498701                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    16122                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   4006367                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    1166                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    731                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  241                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     297                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                6514823                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               4007533                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        10505068                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         17288                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    10522356                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   17175                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               17175                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17175                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17175    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17175                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -835838248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -835838248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -835838248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16885     99.56%     99.56% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           74      0.44%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16959                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        17175                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17175                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        16959                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16959                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        34134                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   27798861                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    17175                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    380                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               27816036                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        27798861                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         17175                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    27816036                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               927                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          464                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   55218634130426.804688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  178469556305115.437500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           93     20.04%     20.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          112     24.14%     44.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.22%     44.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          258     55.60%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3781773415821000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           464                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  332772286751463                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25621446236518036                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   65303261553424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    464                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  27814154                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    32603817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              15922843                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            30191876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               46384                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                   1218335                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      4395474                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   30191876                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      46384                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          41066842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         24263814                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             57260                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            33711                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            7944663                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           7824997                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    10498860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   6492562                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  4006298                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             65303220534132.351562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             41019291.648678                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         5946686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                1580      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                21999861     67.47%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  64025      0.20%     67.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   15733      0.05%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   4645      0.01%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   9743      0.03%     67.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   6320      0.02%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  4706      0.01%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                6492562     19.91%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               4006298     12.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 32605483                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         398.971324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          10518616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          294395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.729601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079879038773500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   398.971324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.779241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.779241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        21334955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       21334955                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      6103616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6103616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      3827501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3827501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        71158                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        71158                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1743                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1743                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data       106536                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       106536                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        99981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        99981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      9932860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        9932860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     10004018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      10004018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       226765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       226765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        51292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         4931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        17214                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17214                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         7163                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7163                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       295271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       295271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       300202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       300202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      6330381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6330381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      3878793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3878793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        76089                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        76089                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        18957                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18957                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       107252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       107252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data       107144                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       107144                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     10228131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10228131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     10304220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10304220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.035822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.064806                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.064806                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.908055                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.908055                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.006676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.066854                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066854                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.028869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       144985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          144985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               284407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.435707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          27815820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          206401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          134.765917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079879038768500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   505.435707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.987179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        55838041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       55838041                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     27609419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      27609419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     27609419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       27609419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     27609419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      27609419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       206401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       206401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       206401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       206401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       206401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       206401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     27815820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27815820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     27815820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     27815820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     27815820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     27815820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.007420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.007420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.007420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       205889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          205889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               205889                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   13066                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               13066                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13066                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13066    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13066                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -261545248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -261545248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -261545248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11956     98.72%     98.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          119      0.98%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           36      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12111                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        13066                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13066                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12111                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12111                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25177                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    4647899                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    12209                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   2709998                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     857                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    462                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  156                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     211                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                4660108                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               2710855                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         7357897                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         13066                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     7370963                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   12557                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               12557                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12557                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12557    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12557                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -310939248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -310939248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -310939248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12329     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           41      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12370                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12557                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12557                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12370                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12370                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24927                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   20072472                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    12557                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               20085029                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        20072472                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         12557                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    20085029                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               559                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          280                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   91505179655543.843750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1302919816368933                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           92     32.86%     32.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          140     50.00%     82.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.36%     83.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           47     16.79%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 21809468202861000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           280                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  332768219717224                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25621450303552276                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21783746750659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    280                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  20083061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    23318553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts              11473368                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            21432548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               23360                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    811764                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      3532177                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   21432548                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      23360                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          29158474                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         17156687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             25844                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            14586                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            6190176                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           6125289                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     7352570                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   4642568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  2710002                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21783736964088.312500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             9786570.690021                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         4557547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 610      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                15902124     68.19%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  44895      0.19%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   10452      0.04%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   1759      0.01%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   3726      0.02%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   2440      0.01%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  1754      0.01%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                4642568     19.91%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               2710002     11.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 23320334                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.848549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           7369303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          206747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.644063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079879614305500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   403.848549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.788767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.788767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        14945353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       14945353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      4357508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4357508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      2578390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2578390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        58122                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        58122                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1382                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1382                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        81775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        78061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        78061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      6937280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        6937280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      6995402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       6995402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       157857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       157857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        34954                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34954                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         3142                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3142                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        13395                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13395                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         4117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       206206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       206206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       209348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       209348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      4515365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4515365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      2613344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2613344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        61264                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        61264                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        14777                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14777                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        82375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        82375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        82178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        82178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      7143486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7143486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      7204750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7204750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.034960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.013375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.051286                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.051286                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.906476                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.906476                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.007284                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007284                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.050099                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050099                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.028866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.029057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       100595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          100595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               202688                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.435696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          20084842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          140038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          143.424228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7079879614300500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   505.435696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.987179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        40309722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       40309722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     19944804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      19944804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     19944804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       19944804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     19944804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      19944804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       140038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       140038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       140038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       140038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       140038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       140038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     20084842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20084842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     20084842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     20084842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     20084842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     20084842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       139526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          139526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               139526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  177226                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              177226                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       177226                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        177226    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       177226                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       172800     98.27%     98.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2895      1.65%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          146      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       175841                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       177226                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       177226                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       175841                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       175841                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       353067                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   20282445                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   169771                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  16276121                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    7455                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    338                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 5642                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     158                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               20452216                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              16283576                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        36558566                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        177226                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    36735792                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  333311                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              333311                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       333311                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        333311    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       333311                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       330447     99.19%     99.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2709      0.81%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       333156                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       333311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       333311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       333156                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       333156                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       666467                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   97662597                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   333311                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               97995908                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        97662597                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        333311                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    97995908                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              8809                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4405                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5891977302557.297852                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  47157430340301.546875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          802     18.21%     18.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3133     71.12%     89.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.02%     89.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     89.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.02%     89.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.02%     89.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.02%     89.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.02%     89.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          464     10.53%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2902885488895500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4405                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   58505504105                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954160017764896                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   65351878100668                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   4405                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  97982377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   117000077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              30649866                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           107930592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             1714859                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   7034828                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     14050329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  107930592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    1714859                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         152525899                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes         85415886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           2491058                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          1516181                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads           23592618                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes          22988841                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    36667666                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  20390484                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 16277182                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             65351730785736.687500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             147314931.310352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                        22183417                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               73907      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                78672336     67.23%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                 214499      0.18%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   64370      0.06%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 247452      0.21%     67.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 529199      0.45%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 295628      0.25%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                248394      0.21%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               20390484     17.43%     86.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              16277182     13.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                117013453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         416.905453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          36724242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1248049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.425321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   416.905453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.814268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        74696533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses       74696533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     18917679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18917679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     15634630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15634630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       198600                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       198600                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data        25043                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        25043                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       329250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       329250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       312705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       312705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     34577352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       34577352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     34775952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      34775952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       946975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       946975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       219096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       219096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        40567                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        40567                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        61972                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        61972                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data        11152                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11152                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        26573                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        26573                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      1228043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      1228043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      1268610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      1268610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     19864654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19864654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     15853726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15853726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       239167                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       239167                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        87015                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        87015                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       340402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       340402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       339278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       339278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     35805395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     35805395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     36044562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     36044562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.047671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.013820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.169618                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.169618                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.712199                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.712199                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.032761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.078322                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078322                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.034298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       545002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          545002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              1197826                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.720071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          97995753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3199475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           30.628698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   510.720071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.997500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses       199190981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses      199190981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     94796278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      94796278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     94796278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       94796278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     94796278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      94796278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      3199475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3199475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      3199475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      3199475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      3199475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      3199475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     97995753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     97995753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     97995753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     97995753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     97995753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     97995753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3198963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         3198963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              3198963                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  988344                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              988344                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       988344                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        988344    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       988344                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       987370     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          974      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       988344                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       988344                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       988344                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       988344                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       988344                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1976688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  343784772                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   867011                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 306172337                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                  121333                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                41420                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              344651783                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             306293670                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       649957109                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        988344                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   650945453                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 6053931                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             6053931                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      6053931                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       6053931    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      6053931                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      6036779     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        17152      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      6053931                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      6053931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      6053931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      6053931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      6053931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total     12107862                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 1582149740                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  6053931                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             1588203671                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      1582149740                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       6053931                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  1588203671                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            254896                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       127448                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203638069973.669678                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2472130538776.203125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows       122085     95.79%     95.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         4505      3.53%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          858      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161927568                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total        127448                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  953781185488                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25953264742004252                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   65402683283550                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                 127448                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                1587770760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1907132168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             197415336                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          1789587665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             3808393                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                 136326026                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    226778781                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 1789587665                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    3808393                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        2545733172                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes       1377131262                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           4033113                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          2269152                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads          334517325                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         333234675                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   649807115                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 343747655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                306059460                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             65400279826551.804688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             2403456998.190558                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       376175424                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               87474      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              1254481119     65.76%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                1498774      0.08%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  243842      0.01%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 261565      0.01%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 548001      0.03%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 349896      0.02%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                287293      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              343747655     18.02%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             306059460     16.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1907565079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         499.201866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         650919356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        16653712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.085542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   499.201866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.975004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1318492424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1318492424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    319782804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     319782804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    294821870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    294821870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      4812476                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      4812476                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       217649                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       217649                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      7115262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      7115262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      7268488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      7268488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    614822323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      614822323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    619634799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     619634799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data     11793414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11793414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      2990665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2990665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       878088                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       878088                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       876305                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       876305                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       258352                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       258352                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data       103983                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       103983                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data     15660384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total     15660384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data     16538472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total     16538472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    331576218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    331576218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    297812535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    297812535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      5690564                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      5690564                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1093954                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1093954                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      7373614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      7373614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      7372471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      7372471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    630482707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    630482707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    636173271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    636173271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.154306                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.154306                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.801044                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.801044                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.014104                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014104                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8707258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         8707258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements             16423772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.957936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        1588203671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        59676851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.613396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.957936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3236084193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     3236084193                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   1528526820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1528526820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   1528526820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     1528526820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   1528526820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    1528526820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     59676851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     59676851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     59676851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     59676851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     59676851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     59676851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   1588203671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1588203671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   1588203671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   1588203671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   1588203671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   1588203671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     59676339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        59676339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             59676339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                  324596                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong              324596                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       324596                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        324596    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       324596                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       317721     98.29%     98.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5232      1.62%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          285      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       323238                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       324596                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       324596                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       323238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       323238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       647834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   31380198                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                   310930                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  25974599                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                   13666                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    453                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                10622                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     169                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               31691128                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              25988265                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        57354797                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                        324596                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    57679393                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                  593643                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong              593643                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       593643                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        593643    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       593643                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       588404     99.14%     99.14% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5097      0.86%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       593501                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       593643                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       593643                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       593501                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       593501                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1187144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  153055654                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                   593643                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10586                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    73                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    246                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              153649297                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       153055654                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                        593643                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   153649297                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions             12909                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         6455                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4020778703252.412109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  15190210813458.833984                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          918     14.22%     14.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         4932     76.41%     90.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.03%     90.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.02%     90.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     90.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.03%     90.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            4      0.06%     90.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          595      9.22%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          6455                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   91993774698                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 25954126529494320                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   65402683026402                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   6455                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 153627028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   183969466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts              45003337                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           169689892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses             3148858                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  11310676                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts     21581927                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  169689892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                    3148858                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads         241407953                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        134093657                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads           4579928                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes          2790924                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads           36174529                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes          35159643                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    57578035                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  31601150                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 25976885                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             65402451209018.335938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             231817383.657860                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                        34592602                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass              135966      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               123396139     67.07%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                 341696      0.19%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                  106284      0.06%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 455918      0.25%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 975247      0.53%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                 543864      0.30%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                458442      0.25%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               31601150     17.18%     85.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              25976885     14.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                183991593                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         432.227399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          57662047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2084124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.667282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   432.227399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.844194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       117408218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      117408218                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     29183192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      29183192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     24940905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     24940905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data       301341                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       301341                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data        42820                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        42820                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       525664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       525664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       493730                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       493730                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     54166917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       54166917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     54468258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      54468258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data      1583294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1583294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       351727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       351727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        73233                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        73233                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data       110355                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       110355                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data        12524                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12524                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        43262                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        43262                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      2045376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      2045376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      2118609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      2118609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     30766486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30766486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     25292632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     25292632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       374574                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       374574                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data       153175                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       153175                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       538188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       538188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       536992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       536992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     56212293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56212293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     56586867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56586867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.051462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.195510                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.195510                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.720450                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.720450                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.023271                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023271                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.080564                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.080564                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.037440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       911341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          911341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements              2000920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.437878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         153649155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5580924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.531132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.437878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.998902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses       312879234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses      312879234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    148068231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     148068231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    148068231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      148068231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    148068231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     148068231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst      5580924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5580924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst      5580924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total      5580924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst      5580924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total      5580924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    153649155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    153649155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    153649155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    153649155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    153649155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    153649155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5580412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total         5580412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements              5580412                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                14225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              543880                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             543880                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        19950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        43854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1116210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        19950                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        33378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34240912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34240912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34274290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.794872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7079869001305501                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.794872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.987180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4825602                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4825602                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536178                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536178                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536162                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                15143.396931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   26923606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  5260800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                     5.117778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2589.403013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    49.432926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    44.774797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    3064.017576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    5746.272212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker     1.230558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker     0.835927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst      66.341775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     282.138582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.138456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker     0.252963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst       9.911890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data       5.344457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    17.431053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    21.265553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    1034.121427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    2210.483767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.158045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.002733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.187013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.350725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.004049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.017220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.000605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.000326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.001064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.001298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.063118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.134917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.924280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008179                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.913147                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                 60515750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses                60515750                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       119635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        97744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       140152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        11492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        37713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker      7212230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       142487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                7796291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3167525                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3167525                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1930025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total         1930025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks           3256                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                3256                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data            725                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           6241                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data            551                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           3258                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               10775                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          259                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          295                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          452                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data           41950                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data           71428                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data            9781                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          137395                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               260554                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       571326                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       903776                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       124785                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       785829                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           2385716                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       288420                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       393059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data        54554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data      1780379                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2516412                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         1724                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         4172                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         1422                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         6137                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            13455                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       119635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst             571326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data             330370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        97744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       140152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst             903776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data             464487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        11492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        37713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst             124785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data              64335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker      7212230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       142487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             785829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data            1917774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                12958973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       119635                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst            571326                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data            330370                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        97744                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       140152                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst            903776                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data            464487                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        11492                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        37713                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst            124785                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data             64335                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker      7212230                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       142487                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            785829                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data           1917774                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               12958973                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker        70167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker         1606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                76230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        14767                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         1479                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         1032                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         6345                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             23623                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         6464                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data          866                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data          388                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         3446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           11164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        558292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         51574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data          6916                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        399231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total            1016013                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        45040                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        41208                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        20115                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst       136978                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          243341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       656889                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        85450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        25508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data      2407910                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        3175757                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        13570                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       466767                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data         5601                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data       181026                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         666964                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            45040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          1215181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst            41208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data           137024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            20115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data            32424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker        70167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           136978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data          2807141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               4511341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          749                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          608                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           45040                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1215181                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1693                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          981                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           41208                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data          137024                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          296                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           20115                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data           32424                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker        70167                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker         1606                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          136978                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data         2807141                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              4511341                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        35587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       120243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        99437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       141133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        37843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker      7282397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       144093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            7872521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3167525                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3167525                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1930025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1930025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks         3256                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total            3256                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        15492                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         7720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1583                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         9603                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           34398                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         6723                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data          491                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3898                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         12273                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       600242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       123002                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        16697                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       536626                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1276567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       616366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       944984                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       144900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       922807                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       2629057                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       945309                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       478509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        80062                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data      4188289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5692169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        15294                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       470939                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data         7023                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data       187163                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       680419                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        35587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       120243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         616366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        1545551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        99437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       141133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         944984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         601511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        37843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         144900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data          96759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker      7282397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       144093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         922807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        4724915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            17470314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        35587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       120243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst        616366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       1545551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        99437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       141133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst        944984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        601511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        37843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst        144900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data         96759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker      7282397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       144093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        922807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       4724915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           17470314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.021047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.005056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.017026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.006951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.025110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.009635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.011146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.009683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.953202                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.191580                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.651927                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.660731                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.686755                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.961476                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.745909                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.790224                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.884043                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.909639                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.930112                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.419294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.414206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.743965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.795895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.073073                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.043607                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.138820                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.148436                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.092558                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.694893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.178576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.318603                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.574915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.557917                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.887276                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.991141                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.797522                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.967210                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.980225                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.021047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.005056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.073073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.786245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.017026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.006951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.043607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.227800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.025110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.138820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.335101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.009635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.011146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.148436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.594115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.258229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.021047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.005056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.073073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.786245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.017026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.006951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.043607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.227800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.025110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.138820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.335101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.009635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.011146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.148436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.594115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.258229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1816840                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1816840                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       5175016                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                15155.592959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                   43226721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                  1460374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                    29.599761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1213.826777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    47.452547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    35.887745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    3078.735408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    4283.904264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    52.046986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    55.364898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst    1886.909434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    2342.062311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    11.152772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    22.155933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     883.675317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    1114.945898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.844381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker     2.064867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst      20.281334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     104.282086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.074086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.002896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.187911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.261469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.115168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.142948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.001352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.053935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.068051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.001238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.006365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.925024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013733                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894226                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 88095948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                88095948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       464327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       842163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker      2046285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker      3621824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        41125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        49892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         2614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        31253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                7099483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2297061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2297061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     11491678                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total        11491678                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data            116                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           1597                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            652                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data             46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2411                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          443                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               914                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data          130272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data          548775                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           24775                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data            6145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total               709967                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      2584269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst     11043377                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       180297                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       184328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          13992271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       654239                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data      2746609                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       145589                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        57527                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3603964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        54051                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data       173382                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         3790                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data          335                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total           231558                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       464327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       842163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            2584269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             784511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker      2046285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker      3621824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst           11043377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data            3295384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        41125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        49892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             180297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data             170364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         2614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        31253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             184328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data              63672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                25405685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       464327                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       842163                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           2584269                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            784511                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker      2046285                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker      3621824                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst          11043377                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data           3295384                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        41125                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        49892                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            180297                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data            170364                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         2614                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        31253                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            184328                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data             63672                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total               25405685                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker        14930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                21758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        23325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        94415                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         4178                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         6168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total            128086                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        23639                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data       104977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         7133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1262                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          137011                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data         25490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         49779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         20747                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data          4573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total             100589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        76597                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst       196301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        30044                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst         8081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          311023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       124948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       422385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        89095                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        18473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         654901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         7127                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        26828                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        14380                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         3553                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total          51888                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            76597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data           150438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           196301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data           472164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            30044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data           109842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst             8081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data            23046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total               1088271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1892                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          965                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           76597                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data          150438                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2901                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker        14930                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          196301                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data          472164                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          568                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          376                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           30044                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data          109842                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker           58                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst            8081                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data           23046                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total              1088271                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       466219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       843128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker      2049186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker      3636754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        41693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        50268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        31311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total            7121241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2297061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2297061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     11491678                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11491678                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        23441                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        96012                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         4830                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         6214                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          130497                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        23781                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data       105420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        137925                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       155762                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       598554                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        45522                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        10718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           810556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      2660866                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     11239678                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       210341                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       192409                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      14303294                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       779187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data      3168994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       234684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        76000                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4258865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        61178                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data       200210                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        18170                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         3888                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       283446                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       466219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       843128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        2660866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         934949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker      2049186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker      3636754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst       11239678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        3767548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        41693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        50268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         210341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         280206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        31311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         192409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data          86718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total            26493956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       466219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       843128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       2660866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        934949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker      2049186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker      3636754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      11239678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       3767548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        41693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        50268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        210341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        280206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        31311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        192409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data         86718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total           26493956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.001416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.001852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.003055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.995051                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.983367                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.865010                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.992597                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.981524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.994029                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.995798                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.960027                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.975270                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993373                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.163647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.083165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.455758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.426665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.124099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.028786                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.017465                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.142835                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041999                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021745                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.160357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.133287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.379638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.243066                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153774                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.116496                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.133999                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.791414                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.913837                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.183061                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.028786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.160905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.001416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.017465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.125324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.142835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.392004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.001852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.041999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.265758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.041076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.028786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.160905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.001416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.017465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.125324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.142835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.392004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.001852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.265758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.041076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              183047                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   183047                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                        862278                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                15187.863804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                    2899684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                   446478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     6.494573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2002.448195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    41.248395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    34.355716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    2818.531820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    4633.647309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker     4.471033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker     5.270437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     321.190191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     527.936754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    10.924059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    20.167439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    1218.455557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    2656.263398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker     2.455895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    10.924369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     366.327574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     513.245663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.122220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.002518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.002097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.172030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.282815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.000273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.019604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.032223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.001231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.074369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.162125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.022359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.031326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.926994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007690                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964417                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                  6345552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                 6345552                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         8833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        30816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        18372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        29739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        29806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        36897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        43403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        47364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                 245230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       414527                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total          414527                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       505602                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          505602                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data            471                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           1024                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           1018                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data            173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2686                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          233                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          194                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          231                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               834                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data            9826                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data           11908                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data           16758                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           24646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total                63138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       100166                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       112176                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       125819                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       177636                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            515797                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        53489                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        82461                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data       111045                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       147837                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           394832                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1226                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         1125                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         2636                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         2862                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             7849                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         8833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        30816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             100166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data              63315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        29739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             112176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data              94369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        29806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        36897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             125819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data             127803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        43403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        47364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             177636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             172483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                 1218997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         8833                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        30816                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            100166                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data             63315                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        18372                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        29739                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            112176                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data             94369                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        29806                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        36897                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            125819                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data            127803                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        43403                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        47364                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            177636                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            172483                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                1218997                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                 2356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2490                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         2414                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         1507                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         6237                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12648                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         3253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         3631                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         4163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         6683                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17730                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         12192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         13331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         14498                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         19885                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total              59906                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        21540                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        20363                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        21152                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        28765                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           91820                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        32468                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        48576                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data        60097                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        83645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         224786                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        10590                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        10026                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data        11444                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        14258                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          46318                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            21540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data            44660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            20363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data            61907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            21152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data            74595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            28765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data           103530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total                378868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          336                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          261                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           21540                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data           44660                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          187                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           20363                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data           61907                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          368                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          246                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           21152                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data           74595                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          390                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          223                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           28765                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data          103530                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total               378868                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         9169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        31077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        18717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        29926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        30174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        37143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        43793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        47587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             247586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       414527                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       414527                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       505602                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       505602                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2961                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3438                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2525                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         6410                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           15334                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         3429                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3864                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         4357                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         6914                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         18564                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        22018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        25239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data        31256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        44531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total           123044                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       121706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       132539                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       146971                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       206401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        607617                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        85957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       131037                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       171142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       231482                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       619618                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        11816                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        11151                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14080                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        17120                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        54167                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         9169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        31077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         121706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         107975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        18717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        29926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         132539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         156276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        30174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        37143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         146971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         202398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        43793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        47587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         206401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         276013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total             1597865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         9169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        31077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        121706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        107975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        18717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        29926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        132539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        156276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        30174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        37143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        146971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        202398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        43793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        47587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        206401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        276013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total            1597865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.036645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.008398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.018432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.008906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.004686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.009516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.840932                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.702152                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.596832                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.973011                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.824834                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.948673                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.939700                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.955474                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.966590                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.955074                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.553729                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.528190                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.463847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.446543                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.486866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.176984                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.153638                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.143920                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.139365                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.151115                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.377724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.370704                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.351153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.361346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.362782                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.896242                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.899112                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.812784                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.832827                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.855096                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.036645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.008398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.176984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.413614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.018432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.153638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.396139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.143920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.368556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.008906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.004686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.139365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.375091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.237109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.036645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.008398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.176984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.413614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.018432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.153638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.396139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.143920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.368556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.008906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.004686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.139365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.375091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.237109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks              117320                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                   117320                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                        381525                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                15384.759913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                  188352387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  5684060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    33.136946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    3002.902825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.857430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     0.983837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     202.180395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     313.619358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    31.437679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    36.291392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    1241.852909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    1414.819253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    27.726959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    52.050405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    1668.540976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    2256.829348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    59.155372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    61.676548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    2278.687753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    2735.147474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.183283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.012340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.019142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.001919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.075797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.086354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.101840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.137746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.003611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.003764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.139080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.166940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.939011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.018433                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.942993                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                383203710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses               383203710                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        28727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        33772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       514495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       988091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2862838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     18066264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       951865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      1761504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total               25207556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     10264196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10264196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     56642140                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total        56642140                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data            533                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           5372                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          11731                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          10448                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total               28084                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          204                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data         4679                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data         7231                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data         8370                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             20484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           17540                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          159165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         2581099                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data          267488                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total              3025292                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       117654                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      3062269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     58209581                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst      5353067                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          66742571                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        98294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       788844                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data     11659950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data      1351664                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         13898752                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         1806                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        47424                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       682219                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        92729                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           824178                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        28727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        33772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             117654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data             115834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       514495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       988091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            3062269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data             948009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2862838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     18066264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst           58209581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data           14241049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       951865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      1761504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst            5353067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data            1619152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total               108874171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        28727                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        33772                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            117654                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data            115834                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       514495                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       988091                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           3062269                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data            948009                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2862838                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     18066264                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          58209581                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data          14241049                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       951865                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      1761504                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst           5353067                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data           1619152                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total              108874171                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         6573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       101220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        78377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         8307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker        11999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total               211311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         2467                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        16917                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       104192                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        22032                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total            145608                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         3717                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        11195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        73411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        15696                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          104019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         14181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         25839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        268519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         33663                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             342202                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        22384                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst       137206                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst      1467270                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst       227857                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1854717                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        62458                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       153771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data      1135649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       223938                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1575816                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        11589                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        14414                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data       192540                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        17398                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total         235941                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            22384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data            76639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         6573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           137206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data           179610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       101220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        78377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          1467270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data          1404168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         8307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker        11999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           227857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data           257601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               3984046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          446                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          254                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           22384                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data           76639                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4135                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         6573                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          137206                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data          179610                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       101220                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        78377                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         1467270                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data         1404168                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         8307                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker        11999                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          227857                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data          257601                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              3984046                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        29173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        34026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       518630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       994664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2964058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     18144641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       960172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      1773503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total           25418867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     10264196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     10264196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     56642140                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total     56642140                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        22289                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       115923                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        32480                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173692                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3921                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        15874                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        80642                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        24066                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        124503                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        31721                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       185004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2849618                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       301151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3367494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       140038                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      3199475                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     59676851                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst      5580924                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      68597288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       160752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       942615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     12795599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1575602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15474568                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13395                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        61838                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       874759                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data       110127                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      1060119                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        29173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        34026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         140038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         192473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       518630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       994664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        3199475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        1127619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2964058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     18144641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       59676851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       15645217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       960172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      1773503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst        5580924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        1876753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total           112858217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        29173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        34026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        140038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        192473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       518630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       994664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       3199475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       1127619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2964058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     18144641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      59676851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      15645217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       960172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      1773503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst       5580924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       1876753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total          112858217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.007973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.034149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.008652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.006766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.822333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.758984                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.898804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.678325                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.838311                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.947972                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.705241                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.910332                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.652206                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.835474                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.447054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.139667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.094230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.111781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.101619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.159842                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.042884                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024587                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.040828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.027038                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.388536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.163132                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.088753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.142129                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101833                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.865174                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.233093                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.220106                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.157981                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.222561                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.159842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.398181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.007973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.042884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.159283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.034149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.024587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.089751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.006766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.040828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.137259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.035301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.159842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.398181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.007973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.042884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.159283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.034149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.006766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.040828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.137259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.035301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              884244                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   884244                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       4502868                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      22427492                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9961914                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3943262                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               74817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            8522011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              51742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             51742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3534235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6687705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           393145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         330450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          599277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1500376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1499322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8447194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1534387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1533911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        41030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        21240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15486004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total     15548274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        77772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3520449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total      3600721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         5586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1269933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total      1275843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       104666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12622292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total     12726958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34760314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34314368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34314368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        31709                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        42480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    404890368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    404964557                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       155544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     81120960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total     81277984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31672576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total     31683937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       209332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    310769792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    310979124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               863219970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12332111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.478901                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.884355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8787066     71.25%     71.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2107021     17.09%     88.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  515237      4.18%     92.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  922787      7.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12332111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     20840971                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9978915                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1367229                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        507885                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       256962                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       250923                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           7976535                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         16329588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            14117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           14117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3167525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2627009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean           3256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        4464871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          42893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         58864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1281921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1281921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2629058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5723995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        59712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        59712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       680537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       680537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1848586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      4810967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       248712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        93710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      2834439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3367380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       286754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       275424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       434191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       327667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        79020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        34284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      2767909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     14801966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       295860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     14605270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             47112139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     78862080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    148914530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       994848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       374840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    120925120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     96385993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1147016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1101696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     18514560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     10120421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       316080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       137136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    118086528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    395961853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1183440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     58421080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            1051447221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        6498327                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                116277760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        24868787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.113408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.501621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              23314725     93.75%     93.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                807852      3.25%     97.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                318397      1.28%     98.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                335575      1.35%     99.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 92238      0.37%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          24868787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     40856252                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     18583628                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      5877956                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        916794                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       641024                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       275770                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq           7188505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         25841646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq            13409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp           13409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2297061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     14301246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        2951711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         135854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       139996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        275850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          812526                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         812526                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     14303294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4349847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       283539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       283539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      7982086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3108542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1688386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       935340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     33718522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     12440477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      7279830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      4123652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       630511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       924977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       112064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       112860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       576715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       307148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        64158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         7266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             74012534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    340558080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     88283820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      6753544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      3741360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side   1438646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    353385044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side     29119320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side     16494608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     26890880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     27501022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       448256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       451440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     24595584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      8390914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       256632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        29064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total            2365545584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        3234345                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                 11715008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples        30160342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.350308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.842237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0              24574182     81.48%     81.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1               2793720      9.26%     90.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                704779      2.34%     93.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3               1988520      6.59%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 99141      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total          30160342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2945341                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1447576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       218518                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        383898                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       123737                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       260161                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            297108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          1532302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             1011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            1011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       414527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       605569                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         366511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          18864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         38753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          124494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         124494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       607617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       627577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        54283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        54283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       364606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       372634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        66600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        26822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       397105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       538185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        65294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        57494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       440401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       665118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        81178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        86950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       618691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       906345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       102894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       103096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total              4893413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     15545600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     11477590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       266400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       107288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     16932224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     16080602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       261176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       229976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     18779520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     20091920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       324712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       347800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     26386560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     27023521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       411576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       412384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             154678849                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                        1824718                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                  7508480                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         3551719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.372820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.939690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               2921299     82.25%     82.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                282964      7.97%     90.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                114047      3.21%     93.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                120543      3.39%     96.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                112866      3.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           3551719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests    177684923                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     82145510                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     21109003                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       1747348                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1448013                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       299335                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 32701341578050500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq          25483900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp        109840386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10264196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     68595240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        9561010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         220102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       177935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        398037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         3376340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        3376340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     68597288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     15759198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      1062027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1062027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       419602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       631778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        75250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        77944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      9597913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      3830464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1994446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1056924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    179030041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     50277546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     36289282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5928116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     16742260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      6381288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3551658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1935924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total            317820436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     17892096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     18814848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       301000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       311776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    409500032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    110837312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      7977784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      4227696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   7638604160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1567419456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side    145157128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     23712464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    714325504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    184720692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     14206632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      7743696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total           10865752276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        5998532                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 56591616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples       120349306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.224393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.642587                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0             104012750     86.43%     86.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               9312395      7.74%     94.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2               3440042      2.86%     97.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3               3523462      2.93%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 60657      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total         120349306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
