
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              35634.113991                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                35634113990508500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               42381237045289504                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2254186                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2533414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           7599192334165                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4921564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4689.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 10570324301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11879680950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker        35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        33472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       2250496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      71554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker      3998720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker       107328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       7223808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data     176395968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       489920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker       358976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst      17906624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      14497344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker       108352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       3107456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data      10605440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        40512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1538880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       2680896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker         3904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        304128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data        520768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1394688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       3183360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        30144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1993792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       5774720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        31936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       1977024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       4270720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        16704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1173504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       3335296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1309504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       4238592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        36096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       2104640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       6387904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        26240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1704768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       4137792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker      1397632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker      1930304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst      35705984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data      26024832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      8675328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      6165376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst     135441280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data     107116928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        19776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1124096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       2111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          682882624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      2250496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      7223808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst     17906624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      3107456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1538880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       304128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1394688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1993792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      1977024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1173504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1309504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      2104640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1704768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst     35705984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst    135441280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1124096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     216260672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    247669184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       247669184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker          548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker          523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          35164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1118033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker        62480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker         1677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst         112872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data        2756187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         7655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         5609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst         279791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         226521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          48554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         165710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          24045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          41889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker           61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst           4752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data           8137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          21792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          49740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          31153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          90230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          30891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          66730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          18336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          52114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          20461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          66228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          32885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          99811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          26637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          64653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker        21838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker        30161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst         557906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         406638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker       135552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        96334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst        2116270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data        1673702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          17564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          32990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10670041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3869831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3869831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst               63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             2008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker          112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             4950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst               87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst               43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data               75                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst                9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data               15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               39                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data               89                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst               56                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst               55                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data               94                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               59                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               48                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           39                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst             1002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             3006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst               32                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data               59                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 19164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst           63                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst           87                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst           43                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst            9                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           39                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst           56                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst           55                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           33                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           37                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           59                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           48                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst         1002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst           32                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             6069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            6950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 6950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            6950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst              63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            2008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker          112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            4950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst              87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst              43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data              75                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst               9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data              15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              39                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data              89                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst              56                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst              55                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data              94                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              59                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              48                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           39                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst            1002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            3006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst              32                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data              59                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                26114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         5815487403250943                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           5815487403250943                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 42381237045289504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         5815487403250943                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           5815487403250943                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 42381237045289504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         5815487403250943                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           5815487403250943                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 42381237045289504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         5815487403250943                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           5815487403250943                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 42381237045289504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                    5044                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong                5044                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5044                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5044    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5044                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4395     98.79%     98.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           43      0.97%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           11      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4449                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         5044                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5044                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         4449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         9493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   11379825                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                     4531                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  11184621                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                     513                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    416                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  190                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     165                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               11384356                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              11185134                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        22564446                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                          5044                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    22569490                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   39319                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               39319                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        39319                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         39319    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        39319                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39170     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          100      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39270                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        39319                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        39319                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        39270                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39270                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        78589                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                   53004806                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    39319                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    256                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses               53044125                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                        53004806                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         39319                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                    53044125                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              4291                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   16604883542828.087891                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  27517483035500.050781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          781     36.39%     36.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          746     34.76%     71.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.05%     71.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.05%     71.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.05%     71.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          616     28.70%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113349624                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   33907598982                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35634080082909076                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   84735121771716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   2146                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                  53042646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                    67814557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts               7534876                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            62900693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               12910                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   3582470                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts      6594591                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                   62900693                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      12910                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          89413577                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         50703524                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             15149                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes             6255                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           29552797                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          15114211                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    22520038                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  11332706                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 11187332                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             84735041142134.968750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             80629581.028459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                        10630394                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                 279      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                45209626     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  62784      0.09%     66.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   18337      0.03%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                    928      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   1924      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   1116      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                   912      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               43      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               11332706     16.71%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              11187332     16.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                 67815987                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.671697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          22547694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1471246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           15.325577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   431.671697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.843109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        46577190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses       46577190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     10300358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10300358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     10463943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     10463943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        88475                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        88475                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data          909                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          909                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       100721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       100721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data        95612                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        95612                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     20765210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       20765210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     20853685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      20853685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data       874619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       874619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       600535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       600535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data         9481                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9481                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data         6164                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         6164                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data          965                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          965                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data         5814                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5814                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      1481318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      1481318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      1490799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      1490799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     11174977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11174977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     11064478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11064478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data        97956                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        97956                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data         7073                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7073                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       101686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       101686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       101426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       101426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     22246528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22246528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     22344484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22344484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.078266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.054276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.096788                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.096788                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.871483                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.871483                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.057323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.066586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.066719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       693963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          693963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              1438528                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs          53044076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          643567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           82.421995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses       106731719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses      106731719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst     52400509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      52400509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst     52400509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       52400509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst     52400509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      52400509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       643567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       643567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       643567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       643567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       643567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       643567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst     53044076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53044076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst     53044076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     53044076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst     53044076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     53044076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.012133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       643055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          643055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               643055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                 2427006                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong             2427006                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2427006                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2427006    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2427006                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2423169     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          249      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          343      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2423761                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2427006                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2427006                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2423761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2423761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4850767                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                  144959714                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                  2282952                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  71649312                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                  144054                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    474                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  798                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     100                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses              147242666                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              71793366                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       216609026                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                       2427006                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   219036032                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   32683                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               32683                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32683                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32683    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32683                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32523     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          109      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32632                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        32683                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32683                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        32632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        65315                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  640610882                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    32683                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    279                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              640643565                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       640610882                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         32683                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   640643565                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              2271                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1136                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   31367736076460.953125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  116572960723317.265625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          701     61.71%     61.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           59      5.19%     66.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          376     33.10%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3717533275446500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1136                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  365807648856                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35633748182859644                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   71123460455222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   1136                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 640639599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   731611525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             596920519                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           671950227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses              440916                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  28473896                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts     79998144                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  671950227                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                     440916                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads         914858694                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        577132023                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads            561632                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes           384829                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads          227243208                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         222703328                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   218879733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 147092451                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 71787282                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             71122730326058.281250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             730129163.715351                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       117594325                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               14144      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               504979227     69.02%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                7398683      1.01%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                    9296      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                  40845      0.01%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                 101948      0.01%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                  54544      0.01%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                 34153      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              147092451     20.11%     90.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              71787282      9.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                731615440                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         338.163836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         219022679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4706860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.532652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   338.163836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.660476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.660476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.654297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       442757594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      442757594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data    142630820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     142630820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     70680495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     70680495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data       217459                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       217459                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data        63590                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        63590                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       352609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       352609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       355424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       355424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    213374905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      213374905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    213592364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     213592364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data      4013910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4013910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       510881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       510881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data        16847                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16847                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       169934                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       169934                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         6784                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6784                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         3926                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3926                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      4694725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      4694725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      4711572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      4711572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data    146644730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146644730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     71191376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71191376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data       234306                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       234306                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       233524                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       233524                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       359393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       359393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       359350                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       359350                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    218069630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    218069630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    218303936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    218303936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.027372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.007176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.071902                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.071902                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.727694                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.727694                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.018876                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018876                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.010925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.010925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.021529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.021583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1345885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total         1345885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              4692197                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.883696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         640643514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          795329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          805.507550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.883696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1282082357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1282082357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    639848185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     639848185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    639848185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      639848185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    639848185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     639848185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       795329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       795329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       795329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       795329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       795329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       795329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    640643514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    640643514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    640643514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    640643514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    640643514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    640643514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.001241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.001241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.001241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       794817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          794817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               794817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  970436                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              970436                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       970436                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        970436    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       970436                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -588205808                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -588205808    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -588205808                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       953954     98.34%     98.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        15238      1.57%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          909      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       970101                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       970436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       970436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       970101                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       970101                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1940537                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   81983487                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   927305                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  70264606                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                   43131                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    417                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                32423                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     172                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               82910792                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              70307737                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       152248093                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        970436                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   153218529                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                 1723747                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong             1723747                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1723747                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1723747    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1723747                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -587899808                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -587899808    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -587899808                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1707875     99.09%     99.09% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        15771      0.91%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1723646                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1723747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1723747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1723646                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1723646                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      3447393                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                  406887325                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                  1723747                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses              408611072                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                       406887325                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                       1723747                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                   408611072                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions             31839                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        15920                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2234508187449.226562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9943259800936.773438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1599     10.04%     10.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        13133     82.49%     92.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.01%     92.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.01%     92.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            8      0.05%     92.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.01%     92.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            3      0.02%     92.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.01%     92.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            7      0.04%     92.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1164      7.31%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         15920                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60743646315818                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35573370344191688                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   84762474005524                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                  15920                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 408550437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   490726505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts             124967499                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           452302721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses             9736477                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  30429596                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts     55597772                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  452302721                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                    9736477                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads         646166991                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        357576609                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads          14202703                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes          8665752                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads           94415151                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes          91275312                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   152925267                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  82650406                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 70274861                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             84761890304008.859375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             583701515.148049                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                        90803781                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass              422928      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu               328621554     66.96%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                 951129      0.19%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                  297455      0.06%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                1418479      0.29%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                3032862      0.62%     68.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                1691712      0.34%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc               1425636      0.29%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               82650406     16.84%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              70274861     14.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                490787039                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.528733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         153171991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5598190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.360985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807621313192000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   443.528733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.866267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       311946922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      311946922                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     76313534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      76313534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     67443847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     67443847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       746890                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       746890                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data       117815                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       117815                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data      1386922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1386922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data      1281809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1281809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data    143875196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total      143875196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data    144622086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total     144622086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      4187371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4187371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       982083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       982083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data       203169                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       203169                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       318544                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       318544                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data        43749                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        43749                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data       146201                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       146201                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      5487998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      5487998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      5691167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      5691167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     80500905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     80500905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     68425930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     68425930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       950059                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       950059                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       436359                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       436359                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1430671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1430671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1428010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1428010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data    149363194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total    149363194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data    150313253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total    150313253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.052016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.014352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.213849                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.213849                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.730004                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.730004                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.030579                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030579                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.102381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.102381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.036743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.037862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2422751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         2422751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              5408800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.130745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         408610971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs        15940613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           25.633329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807621313187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   511.130745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses       833162555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses      833162555                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst    392670358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     392670358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst    392670358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      392670358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst    392670358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     392670358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst     15940613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     15940613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst     15940613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total     15940613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst     15940613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total     15940613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst    408610971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    408610971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst    408610971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    408610971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst    408610971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    408610971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.039012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.039012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.039012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks     15940101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total        15940101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements             15940101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   50785                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               50785                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        50785                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         50785    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        50785                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1632525692                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1632525692    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1632525692                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41247     99.42%     99.42% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          103      0.25%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          138      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41488                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        50785                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        50785                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41488                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41488                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        92273                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                  361830588                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    33589                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                 356716735                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                   17196                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                   1856                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1264                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     440                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses              361864177                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses             356733931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                       718547323                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         50785                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                   718598108                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   58607                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               58607                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        58607                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         58607    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        58607                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1585519692                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1585519692    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1585519692                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        58074     99.60%     99.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          233      0.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        58307                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        58607                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        58607                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        58307                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        58307                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       116914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                 6705040279                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    58607                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                   1665                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses             6705098886                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                      6705040279                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         58607                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                  6705098886                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              1607                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          804                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   44316510492135.414062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  136455680983025.890625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          237     29.48%     29.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          177     22.01%     51.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.12%     51.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          389     48.38%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3717085921401000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           804                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3639554831623                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35630474435676876                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   84598250748531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    804                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                6705087625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                  7279098677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts            6665424938                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses          6581880184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               63734                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                 460801391                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    742352345                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                 6581880184                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      63734                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        9435103838                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes       4564145409                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             78857                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            42013                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads        21672164224                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes        4680091687                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   741399886                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                 385237045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                356162841                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             84589610152850.843750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             8640595680.159182                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000102                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999898                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                      1185208413                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                1935      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu              6471477406     88.90%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult               61625501      0.85%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   28144      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   6124      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  12770      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   7740      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  6135      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4543995      0.06%     89.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              385237045      5.29%     95.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             356162825      4.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total               7279109638                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         429.455665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs         718579106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1220823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          588.602202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   429.455665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.838781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.838781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1438387355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1438387355                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data    360443305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     360443305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data    355392675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    355392675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data       156009                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       156009                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         2215                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2215                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       671882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       671882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       666047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       666047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data    715838195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total      715838195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data    715994204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total     715994204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       575099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       575099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       161619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       161619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        10848                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10848                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data       489949                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       489949                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         7561                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7561                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1226667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1226667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1237515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1237515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data    361018404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    361018404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data    355554294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    355554294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data       166857                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       166857                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data       492164                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       492164                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       673779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       673779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       673608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       673608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data    717064862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total    717064862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data    717231719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total    717231719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.000455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.065014                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.065014                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.995499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.995499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002815                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011225                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011225                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       987439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          987439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1203990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.456696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs        6705098586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          907346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         7389.792412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   511.456696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13411104518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses    13411104518                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst   6704191240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6704191240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst   6704191240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total     6704191240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst   6704191240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total    6704191240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       907346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       907346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       907346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       907346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       907346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       907346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst   6705098586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6705098586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst   6705098586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total   6705098586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst   6705098586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total   6705098586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       906834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          906834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               906834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   27233                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               27233                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        27233                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         27233    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        27233                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        26053     98.37%     98.37% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          394      1.49%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        26484                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        27233                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        27233                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        26484                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        26484                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        53717                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    4327651                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    25842                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   2955973                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    1391                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    335                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  778                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     110                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                4353493                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               2957364                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         7283624                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         27233                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     7310857                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   43328                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               43328                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43328                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43328    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43328                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42884     99.20%     99.20% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          347      0.80%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        43231                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        43328                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43328                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        43231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        43231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        86559                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   19907031                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    43328                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    190                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               19950359                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        19907031                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         43328                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    19950359                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions               937                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   75978896104829.375000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1453849686492617.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           71     15.14%     15.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          332     70.79%     85.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.21%     86.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.21%     86.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           64     13.65%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31489383666151500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   11717343521                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35634102273164980                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21783706758745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    469                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  19947825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    23432433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               9048237                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            21495105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              216565                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   1092076                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      3300250                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   21495105                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     216565                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          29862524                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         17072570                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            311694                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           189329                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            5636001                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           5532885                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     7298018                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   4341856                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  2956162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21783699595750.644531                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             7162994.356584                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         4606593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                9225      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                15909927     67.89%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  42601      0.18%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   11252      0.05%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  30619      0.13%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  65485      0.28%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  36900      0.16%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 30841      0.13%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                4341856     18.53%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               2956162     12.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 23434870                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         394.664319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           7308258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          228791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.942944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   394.664319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.770829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.770829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        14846459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       14846459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      4050968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4050968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      2825649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2825649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        47815                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        47815                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         2169                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2169                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        73460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        73460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        69833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        69833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      6878786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        6878786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      6926601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       6926601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       173018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        39419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        39419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         5668                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5668                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        14485                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14485                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         1139                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1139                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         4635                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4635                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       226922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       226922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       232590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       232590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      4223986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4223986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      2865068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2865068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        53483                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        53483                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        16654                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16654                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        74599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        74599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        74468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        74468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      7105708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7105708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      7159191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7159191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.040961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.105978                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.105978                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.869761                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.869761                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.015268                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015268                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.062241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.031935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.032488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       101831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          101831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               221443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.937136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          19950262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          419133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           47.598882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.937136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        40319657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       40319657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     19531129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      19531129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     19531129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       19531129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     19531129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      19531129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       419133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       419133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       419133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       419133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       419133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       419133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     19950262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19950262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     19950262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     19950262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     19950262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     19950262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.021009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.021009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.021009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       418621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          418621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               418621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                     893                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                 893                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          893                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           893    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          893                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    438543248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     438543248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    438543248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          805     97.81%     97.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      1.70%     99.51% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            4      0.49%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          823                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          893                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          893                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          823                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          823                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1716                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                     437710                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                      781                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    326138                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     112                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                     33                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   34                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      21                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                 438491                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                326250                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                          763848                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                           893                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                      764741                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    2842                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                2842                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2842                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2842    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2842                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    438538248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0     438538248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total    438538248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2808     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2819                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2842                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2842                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2819                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2819                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5661                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                    1952539                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     2842                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                1955381                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                         1952539                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          2842                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                     1955381                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               169                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           85                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   370469393727745.187500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  3415549079094215.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           46     54.12%     54.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           38     44.71%     98.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      1.18%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31489807661783500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            85                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144215523650159                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 31489898466858340                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21782858767097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                     85                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   1955143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     2313604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts                361334                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             2145625                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                3510                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    118438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       286066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    2145625                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                       3510                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           3043262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          1713227                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads              3657                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             1914                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads             502767                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes            499411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                      763296                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    437103                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   326193                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21782858059889.195312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             707207.803034                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          420151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                  70      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 1543500     66.71%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                   5101      0.22%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                     691      0.03%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    215      0.01%     66.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                    464      0.02%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                    280      0.01%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   198      0.01%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 437103     18.89%     85.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                326193     14.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  2313819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         338.528823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs            762509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           28680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           26.586785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891337421530000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   338.528823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.661189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.661189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.748047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1557538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1557538                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data       398476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        398476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data       307034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       307034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data         8382                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8382                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          276                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          276                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data         9570                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9570                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data         9334                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9334                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data       705786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         705786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data       714168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        714168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        21097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data         5020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data          680                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          680                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         2193                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2193                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data          319                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          319                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data        28310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        28310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data        28990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        28990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data       419573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       419573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data       312054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       312054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data         9062                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         9062                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2469                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2469                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data         9698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data         9653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data       734096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       734096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       743158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       743158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.050282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.016087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.075039                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.075039                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.888214                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.888214                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013199                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013199                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.033047                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.033047                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.038564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.039009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           15753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                27612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         452.454875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs           1955358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           35299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           55.394147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891337421525000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   452.454875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.883701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses         3946015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses        3946015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst      1920059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1920059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst      1920059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1920059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst      1920059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1920059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        35299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        35299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        35299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        35299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        35299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        35299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      1955358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1955358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst      1955358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1955358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      1955358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1955358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.018052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.018052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.018052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        34787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           34787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                34787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                    8904                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                8904                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8904                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8904    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8904                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1763490604                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1763490604    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1763490604                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7991     98.81%     98.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           76      0.94%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8087                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8087                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8087                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16991                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    4037928                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     8166                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   2587635                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     738                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    815                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  175                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     211                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                4046094                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               2588373                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         6625563                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                          8904                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     6634467                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   14542                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               14542                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14542                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14542    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14542                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1812274604                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1812274604    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1812274604                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14344     99.52%     99.52% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           69      0.48%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14413                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        14542                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14542                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        14413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        28955                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   18090146                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    14542                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    639                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               18104688                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        18090146                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         14542                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    18104688                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               956                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          478                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   74548333614491.515625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  474213579139198.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          109     22.80%     22.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          108     22.59%     45.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.21%     45.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          260     54.39%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 9558885424074500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           478                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10522781552                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35634103467726948                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   65644703242909                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    479                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  18102856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    21043889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               8979048                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            19269758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               49471                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    856274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      3113946                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   19269758                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      49471                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          26316262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         15389425                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             64340                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            37951                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            5425035                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           5371476                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     6624194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   4036441                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  2587753                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             65644683857995.539062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             19384913.457030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         4176613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                1826      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                14343528     68.15%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  38685      0.18%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    6997      0.03%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   5604      0.03%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                  11672      0.06%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   7304      0.03%     68.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  5780      0.03%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                4036441     19.18%     87.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               2587753     12.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 21045592                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.997624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           6632259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          172326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.486700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   401.997624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.785152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.785152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13436844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13436844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      3796844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3796844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      2466666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2466666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        48297                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        48297                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1123                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1123                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        69711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        69711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        66618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        66618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      6264633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        6264633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      6312930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       6312930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       125216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       125216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        34500                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34500                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         3906                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3906                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        15047                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15047                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          677                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          677                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         3654                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3654                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       174763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       174763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       178669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       178669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      3922060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3922060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      2501166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2501166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        52203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        52203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        16170                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16170                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        70388                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        70388                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        70272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        70272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      6439396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6439396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      6491599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6491599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.031926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.013794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.074823                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.074823                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.930550                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.930550                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.009618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.051998                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051998                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.027140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.027523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        89020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           89020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               162450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.456688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          18104559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          167653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          107.988279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   511.456688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        36376771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       36376771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     17936906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      17936906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     17936906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       17936906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     17936906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      17936906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       167653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       167653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       167653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       167653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       167653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       167653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     18104559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18104559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     18104559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     18104559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     18104559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     18104559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.009260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.009260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.009260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       167141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          167141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               167141                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   17941                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               17941                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17941                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17941    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17941                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    432865396                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     432865396    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    432865396                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17043     98.62%     98.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          182      1.05%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           57      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        17282                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        17941                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17941                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        17282                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        17282                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        35223                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    8621415                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    16644                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   5845664                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    1297                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    728                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  250                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     315                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                8638059                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               5846961                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        14467079                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         17941                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    14485020                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   27869                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               27869                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        27869                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         27869    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        27869                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        27519     99.76%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           67      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        27586                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        27869                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        27869                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        27586                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        27586                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        55455                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   38117821                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    27869                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    321                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               38145690                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        38117821                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         27869                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    38145690                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              1689                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          845                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   42170522595356.234375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  34631481975172.757812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          134     15.86%     15.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          120     14.20%     30.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.12%     30.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          590     69.82%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           845                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   22397432471                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35634091593076016                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   84640914779136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    845                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  38143471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    44792989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts              16051467                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            41525492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               43887                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                   2147707                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      5716571                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   41525492                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      43887                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          57419224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes         33232741                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             51318                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            29825                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads           10421562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes          10293612                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    14455157                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   8609496                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  5845661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             84640861579038.828125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             53200097.163779                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         8281713                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                1333      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                30204758     67.43%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  89052      0.20%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   23385      0.05%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   3881      0.01%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   8078      0.02%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   5332      0.01%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  3943      0.01%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                8609496     19.22%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               5845661     13.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 44794925                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         447.037800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          14480968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          388223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.300644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   447.037800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.873121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.873121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        29351951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses       29351951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      8090664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8090664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      5617207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      5617207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        95721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        95721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         2013                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2013                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data       135987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       135987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data       126940                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       126940                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     13709884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13709884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     13805605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13805605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       306900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       306900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        68337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        68337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         6164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        20577                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        20577                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         9657                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9657                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       395814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       395814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       401978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       401978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      8397564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8397564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      5685544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5685544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data       101885                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       101885                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        22590                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22590                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       136788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       136788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data       136597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       136597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     14105698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14105698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     14207583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14207583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.036546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.060500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.060500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.910890                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.910890                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005856                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.070697                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070697                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.028061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.028293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       172725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          172725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               367566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.541700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          38145407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          413254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           92.304992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   511.541700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.999105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        76704068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       76704068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     37732153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      37732153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     37732153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       37732153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     37732153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      37732153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       413254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       413254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       413254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       413254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       413254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       413254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     38145407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38145407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     38145407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     38145407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     38145407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     38145407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       412742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          412742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               412742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   11422                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               11422                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11422                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11422    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11422                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1311939396                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1311939396    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1311939396                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10276     98.37%     98.37% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          140      1.34%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           30      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10446                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        11422                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11422                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        10446                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10446                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21868                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    4978082                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    10312                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                   3646046                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    1110                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    880                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  209                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     314                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                4988394                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses               3647156                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         8624128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         11422                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     8635550                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   18219                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               18219                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18219                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18219    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18219                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1268954896                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1268954896    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1268954896                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17967     99.47%     99.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           95      0.53%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18062                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        18219                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18219                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        18062                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18062                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        36281                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                   23086225                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    18219                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    512                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses               23104444                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                        23086225                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         18219                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                    23104444                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               619                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          310                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   114948711251917.375000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1802454034029170.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          139     44.84%     44.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          164     52.90%     97.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.32%     98.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.32%     98.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      1.61%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31489367670068000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           310                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   13502414113                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35634100488094388                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783738750753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    310                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                  23101845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                    27002335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts              13665655                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses            24760790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               84691                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                   1012038                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      3861573                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                   24760790                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      84691                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          33535841                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes         19504689                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            110027                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            61237                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            6846198                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           6762742                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     8618698                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   4972507                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                  3646191                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21783730496504.167969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             8254248.829732                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         5200310                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                2985      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                18280739     67.69%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  42984      0.16%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    8992      0.03%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   9198      0.03%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  19132      0.07%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  11940      0.04%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                 10103      0.04%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                4972507     18.41%     86.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite               3646191     13.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                 27004777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         367.981536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           8631493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          213335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.459807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   367.981536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.718714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        17479777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses       17479777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      4696434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4696434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data      3507286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        58810                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        58810                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         2741                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2741                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        74283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        74283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        71602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        71602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      8206461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        8206461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      8265271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       8265271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       152811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       152811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        40272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         4075                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4075                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        19218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          740                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          740                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         3221                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3221                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data       212301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       212301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data       216376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       216376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      4849245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4849245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data      3547558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3547558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        62885                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        62885                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        21959                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21959                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        75023                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        75023                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        74823                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        74823                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      8418762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8418762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      8481647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8481647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.031512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.011352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.064801                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.064801                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.875176                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.875176                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.009864                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009864                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.043048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.025218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.025511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       116308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          116308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               209375                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.456660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs          23104287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          216868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          106.536174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   511.456660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        46425442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       46425442                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst     22887419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      22887419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst     22887419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       22887419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst     22887419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      22887419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       216868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       216868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       216868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       216868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       216868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       216868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst     23104287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23104287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst     23104287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     23104287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst     23104287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     23104287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.009386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.009386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.009386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       216356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          216356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               216356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   11114                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               11114                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11114                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11114    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11114                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1189938900                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1189938900    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1189938900                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9033     98.88%     98.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           84      0.92%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           18      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9135                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        11114                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11114                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9135                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9135                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20249                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    4234003                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    10381                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   2293678                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     733                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    432                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  131                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     199                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                4244384                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               2294411                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         6527681                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         11114                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     6538795                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   11625                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               11625                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11625                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11625    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11625                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1232646900                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1232646900    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1232646900                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11403     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           33      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11436                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11625                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11625                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        23061                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   18871117                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    11625                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    189                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               18882742                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        18871117                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         11625                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    18882742                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               435                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          218                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   163459189124003.562500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2148317594282203.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           98     44.95%     44.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          115     52.75%     97.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.46%     98.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      1.83%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31474711804488500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           218                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10761475719                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35634103229032780                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21813050481820                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    218                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  18879723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    21519999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts              10072023                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            19451445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               29394                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    727534                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      3919209                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   19451445                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      29394                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          26362254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         15399300                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             36076                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            21486                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            6480762                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           6439698                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     6519903                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   4226000                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  2293903                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21813043894301.222656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             6587518.776234                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         4812264                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 999      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                14947159     69.45%     69.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  32404      0.15%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    6283      0.03%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   2952      0.01%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   6133      0.03%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   3996      0.02%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  2998      0.01%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                4226000     19.63%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               2293903     10.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 21522829                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         393.266797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           6536303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          182689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.778306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   393.266797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.768099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.768099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13255295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13255295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      3963064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3963064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      2171632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2171632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        61021                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        61021                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1191                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1191                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        76534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        76534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        73922                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        73922                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      6135887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        6135887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      6196908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       6196908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       138247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        32131                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32131                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         2883                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2883                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        12023                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12023                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         3045                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3045                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       182401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       182401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       185284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       185284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      4101311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4101311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      2203763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2203763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        63904                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        63904                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        13214                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13214                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        77144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        77144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        76967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        76967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      6318288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6318288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      6382192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6382192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.033708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.045115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.045115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.909868                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.909868                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.007907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.039562                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039562                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.028869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.029031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        99485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           99485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               179760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.456644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          18882553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          132242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          142.787866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   511.456644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        37897348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       37897348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     18750311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      18750311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     18750311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       18750311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     18750311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      18750311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       132242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       132242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       132242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       132242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       132242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       132242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     18882553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18882553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     18882553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     18882553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     18882553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     18882553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       131730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          131730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               131730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   14534                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               14534                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14534                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14534    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14534                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1017193140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1017193140    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1017193140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12869     98.73%     98.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          131      1.00%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           35      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13035                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        13035                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13035                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                    5160340                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    13632                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                   2908317                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     902                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    470                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  338                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     216                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                5173972                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses               2909219                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         8068657                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         14534                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     8083191                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   13461                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               13461                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13461                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13461    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13461                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1016887140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1016887140    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1016887140                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13223     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           39      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13262                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13461                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13461                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13262                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13262                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26723                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                   22532424                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    13461                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses               22545885                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                        22532424                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         13461                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                    22545885                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               251                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   249919644943926.906250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2805296552476077.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           52     41.27%     41.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           72     57.14%     98.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.79%     99.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      0.79%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31489379666381500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144238727573708                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 31489875262934792                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21783714757942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    126                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                  22543282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                    26004103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts              12935197                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses            23776056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               24611                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    882548                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      4217777                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                   23776056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      24611                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          32354897                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes         18984807                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             27030                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            15069                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            7274340                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           7204956                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     8069929                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   5161602                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                  2908327                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21783706808795.496094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             7949146.502209                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         5322860                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 625      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                17870779     68.72%     68.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  44777      0.17%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   10483      0.04%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   1793      0.01%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   3826      0.01%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   2500      0.01%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  1791      0.01%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                5161602     19.85%     88.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite               2908327     11.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                 26006507                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         312.018206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           8080194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          217823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.095229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891348779031500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   312.018206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.609411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.609411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.689453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        16380259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses       16380259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data      4844382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4844382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data      2764764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2764764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        66203                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        66203                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1499                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1499                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        91123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        91123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        88061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        88061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      7610645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        7610645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      7676848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       7676848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       166681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       166681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data        35677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        35677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         3529                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3529                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data        14153                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14153                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         3535                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3535                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       216511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       216511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       220040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       220040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data      5011063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5011063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data      2800441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2800441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        69732                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        69732                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data        15652                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15652                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        91710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        91710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        91596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        91596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      7827156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7827156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      7896888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7896888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.033263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.050608                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050608                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.904229                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.904229                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006401                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006401                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.038593                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.038593                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.027662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.027864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       109045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          109045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               215120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         452.454711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs          22545686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          150129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          150.175422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891348779026500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   452.454711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.883701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses        45241501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses       45241501                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst     22395557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      22395557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst     22395557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       22395557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst     22395557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      22395557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       150129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       150129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       150129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       150129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       150129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       150129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst     22545686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22545686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst     22545686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     22545686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst     22545686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     22545686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.006659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.006659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.006659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       149617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          149617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               149617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   19289                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               19289                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19289                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19289    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19289                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -918422400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -918422400    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -918422400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17845     98.66%     98.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          188      1.04%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           54      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18087                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        19289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        18087                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18087                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        37376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    6995325                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    17997                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   4238379                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    1292                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    840                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  268                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     394                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                7013322                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               4239671                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        11233704                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         19289                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    11252993                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   20947                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               20947                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20947                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20947    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20947                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -919052400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -919052400    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -919052400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20591     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           78      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20669                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        20947                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20947                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        20669                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20669                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        41616                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   30197216                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    20947                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    380                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               30218163                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        30197216                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         20947                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    30218163                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               603                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          302                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   117793343838597.062500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1811495222853570.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          114     37.75%     37.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          136     45.03%     82.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.33%     83.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           51     16.89%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31489391669905000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           302                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60524151252190                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35573589839256312                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21783690751071                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    302                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  30215239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    35268254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              16636116                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            32519987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               57654                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                   1281716                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      5114745                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   32519987                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      57654                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          44295685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         26041356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             72937                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            41705                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            8989536                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           8886993                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    11226630                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   6988256                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  4238374                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21783679970195.796875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             10780875.202691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         6725350                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                1821      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                23931363     67.85%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  62679      0.18%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   15628      0.04%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   6093      0.02%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                  13294      0.04%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   7284      0.02%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  6102      0.02%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                6988256     19.81%     87.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               4238374     12.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 35270900                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         416.597483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          11250135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          317912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.387576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807629570508000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   416.597483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.813667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.813667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        22818182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       22818182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      6545309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6545309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      4036643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4036643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        90485                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        90485                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         2280                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2280                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data       125838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       125838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data       118707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       118707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data     10584232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       10584232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     10674717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      10674717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       243367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       243367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        54730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        54730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         5333                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5333                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        17749                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17749                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         8329                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8329                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       315846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       315846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       321179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       321179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      6788676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6788676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      4091373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4091373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        95818                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        95818                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        20029                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        20029                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       127203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       127203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data       127036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       127036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     10900078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10900078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     10995896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10995896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.035849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.055658                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.055658                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.886165                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.886165                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.010731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.065564                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065564                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.028976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       163144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          163144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               312033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.130626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          30217885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          256367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          117.869636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807629570503000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   511.130626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        60692137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       60692137                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     29961518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      29961518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     29961518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       29961518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     29961518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      29961518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       256367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       256367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       256367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       256367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       256367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       256367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     30217885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30217885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     30217885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     30217885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     30217885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     30217885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.008484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       255855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          255855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               255855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   10730                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               10730                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10730                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10730    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10730                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    845968100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     845968100    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    845968100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9098     98.71%     98.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          100      1.08%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9217                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        10730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9217                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9217                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        19947                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    4377999                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                     9906                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   2573542                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     824                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    465                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  156                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     219                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                4387905                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               2574366                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         6951541                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         10730                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     6962271                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   13647                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               13647                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13647                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13647    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13647                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    798481600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0     798481600    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total    798481600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13393     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           46      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13439                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13647                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13647                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13439                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13439                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27086                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   19408460                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    13647                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               19422107                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        19408460                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         13647                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    19422107                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               489                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          245                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   145198344972097.218750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2010053812514761                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           89     36.33%     36.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          103     42.04%     78.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.41%     78.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           52     21.22%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31474711803690500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           245                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60519472344679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35573594518163820                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21813050483443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    245                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  19419454                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    22378167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts               9337295                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            20404827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               38411                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    841137                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      3652156                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   20404827                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      38411                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          27790416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         16224796                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             48250                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            29001                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            6170784                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           6121482                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     6942505                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   4368665                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  2573840                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21813043633379.125000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             6850063.874651                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         4677156                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                1371      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                15369336     68.67%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  38157      0.17%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    7027      0.03%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   4089      0.02%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   8468      0.04%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   5484      0.02%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  4173      0.02%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                4368665     19.52%     88.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               2573840     11.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 22380612                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         385.201696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           6959996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          195818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.543188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807631336767500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   385.201696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.752347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.752347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        14115810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       14115810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      4086852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4086852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      2439399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2439399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        66508                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        66508                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1430                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1430                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        82390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        82390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        78903                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        78903                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      6527681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        6527681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      6594189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       6594189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       146355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       146355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        36299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         3535                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3535                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        13789                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13789                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         3953                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3953                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       196443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       196443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       199978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       199978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      4233207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4233207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      2475698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2475698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        70043                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        70043                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15219                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15219                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        82973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        82973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        82856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        82856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      6724124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6724124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      6794167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6794167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.034573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.014662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.050469                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050469                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.906039                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.906039                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.007026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.047709                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047709                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.029215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.029434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       102049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          102049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               191188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.130601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          19421899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          165432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          117.401101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807631336762500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   511.130601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        39009230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       39009230                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     19256467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      19256467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     19256467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       19256467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     19256467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      19256467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       165432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       165432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       165432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       165432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       165432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       165432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     19421899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19421899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     19421899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     19421899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     19421899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     19421899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.008518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.008518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.008518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       164920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          164920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               164920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  835765                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              835765                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       835765                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        835765    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       835765                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1092904100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1092904100    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1092904100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       819625     98.30%     98.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        13494      1.62%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          699      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       833818                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       835765                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       835765                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       833818                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       833818                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1669583                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   76498810                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   798488                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  64293619                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                   37277                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    573                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                27518                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     223                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               77297298                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              64330896                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                       140792429                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        835765                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                   141628194                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                 1524874                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong             1524874                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1524874                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1524874    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1524874                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1090631100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1090631100    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1090631100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1511491     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        13214      0.87%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1524705                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1524874                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1524874                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1524705                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1524705                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      3049579                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  374789389                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                  1524874                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    307                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              376314263                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       374789389                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                       1524874                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   376314263                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions             31473                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        15737                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2264338077637.358398                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9875562786605.464844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2335     14.84%     14.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        12270     77.97%     92.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            7      0.04%     92.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.02%     92.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            6      0.04%     92.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            3      0.02%     92.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1111      7.06%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409764692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         15737                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  225662727909                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35633888327779112                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   84741001685945                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                  15737                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 376259211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   451280859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             108910718                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           416323247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             8204897                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  28205751                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     52043227                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  416323247                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    8204897                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         592864672                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        328727005                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads          11933659                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          7286430                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads           87129012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes          84513324                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                   141369041                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  77066868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 64302173                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             84740465040505.640625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             536645439.363950                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                        84502844                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass              354727      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               302166936     66.95%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                 833097      0.18%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                  263396      0.06%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                1189507      0.26%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                2544454      0.56%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                1418908      0.31%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc               1195674      0.26%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               77066868     17.08%     85.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              64302173     14.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                451335742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         461.154129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs         141587730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5048303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.046599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   461.154129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.900692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       288223763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      288223763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     71288637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      71288637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     61725061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     61725061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       721318                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       721318                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data       129183                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       129183                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data      1261588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1261588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data      1201791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1201791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data    133142881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total      133142881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data    133864199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total     133864199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      3777186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3777186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       905304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       905304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data       173704                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       173704                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data       252411                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       252411                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data        47367                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        47367                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data       104180                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       104180                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      4934901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      4934901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      5108605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      5108605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     75065823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     75065823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     62630365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     62630365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       895022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       895022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data       381594                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       381594                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1308955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1308955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1305971                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1305971                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data    138077782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total    138077782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data    138972804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total    138972804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.050318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.194078                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.194078                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.661465                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.661465                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.079772                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.079772                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2215918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total         2215918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              4888627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.443039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         376314094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs        14271603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.368033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   511.443039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.998912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses       766899791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses      766899791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    362042491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     362042491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    362042491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      362042491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    362042491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     362042491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst     14271603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     14271603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst     14271603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total     14271603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst     14271603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total     14271603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    376314094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    376314094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    376314094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    376314094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    376314094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    376314094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks     14271091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total        14271091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements             14271091                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                 1357924                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong             1357924                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1357924                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1357924    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1357924                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1356501     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1383      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1357884                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1357924                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1357924                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1357884                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1357884                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2715808                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  472256308                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                  1191229                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 420557484                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                  166695                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                     21                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                55942                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                      14                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              473447537                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             420724179                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       892813792                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                       1357924                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   894171716                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 8314597                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             8314597                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      8314597                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       8314597    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      8314597                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      8291020     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        23558      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      8314578                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      8314597                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      8314597                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      8314578                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      8314578                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total     16629175                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 2173499613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  8314597                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             2181814210                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      2173499613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       8314597                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  2181814210                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            349838                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       174919                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203710310273.774933                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2472351965344.033203                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows       167607     95.82%     95.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6133      3.51%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1179      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161887832                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total        174919                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1310227604740                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35632803762778436                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   84762474265499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                 174919                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                2181219559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  2619864262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             271271144                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          2458374464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             5231778                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                 187224972                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    311566875                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 2458374464                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    5231778                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        3496980297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes       1891790241                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           5540559                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          3117359                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads          459588033                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         457821012                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   892604225                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 472201719                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                420402506                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             84759357641557.937500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             3116623941.057215                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       516754681                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass              120174      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              1723349959     65.77%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                2062665      0.08%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  334296      0.01%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 359355      0.01%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 752845      0.03%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 480696      0.02%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                394679      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              472201719     18.02%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             420402506     16.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               2620458894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         499.377512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         894135639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        22841217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.145709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   499.377512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.975347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1811112495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1811112495                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    439302639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     439302639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    404978478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    404978478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      6623058                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      6623058                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       306613                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       306613                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      9772073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      9772073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      9993157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      9993157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    844587730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      844587730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    851210788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     851210788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data     16177366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     16177366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      4093071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4093071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data      1198574                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1198574                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data      1197182                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      1197182                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       357985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       357985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data       135443                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       135443                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data     21467619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total     21467619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data     22666193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total     22666193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    455480005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    455480005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    409071549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    409071549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      7821632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      7821632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1503795                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1503795                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     10130058                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     10130058                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data     10128600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     10128600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    866055349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    866055349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    873876981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    873876981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.153238                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153238                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.796107                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.796107                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035339                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035339                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.013372                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013372                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11945331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total        11945331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements             22520055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.969362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        2181814191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        81946636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.624817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.969362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      4445575018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     4445575018                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   2099867555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    2099867555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   2099867555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     2099867555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   2099867555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    2099867555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     81946636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     81946636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     81946636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     81946636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     81946636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     81946636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   2181814191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2181814191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   2181814191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   2181814191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   2181814191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   2181814191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     81946124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        81946124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             81946124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                    8587                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong                8587                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8587                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8587    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8587                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8217     98.21%     98.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           83      0.99%     99.20% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           67      0.80%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8367                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8587                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8587                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8367                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8367                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16954                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    2931128                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                     8060                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   2014842                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                     527                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    234                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  250                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     116                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                2939188                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               2015369                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                         4945970                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                          8587                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                     4954557                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   12317                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               12317                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12317                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12317    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12317                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12151     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           80      0.65%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12231                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12317                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12317                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24548                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   13204760                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    12317                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10470                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    123                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               13217077                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        13204760                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         12317                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    13217077                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions               737                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          369                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   96569393565888.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1652215406376999                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          234     63.41%     63.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          129     34.96%     98.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            6      1.63%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 31489795665076000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           369                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7764695599                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 35634106225812900                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21782882760796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    369                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  13216386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    15528792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               4888063                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            14398748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses               14569                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                    686802                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      2012259                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   14398748                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                      14569                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          20543563                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         11584362                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads             16176                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes             6711                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            3665926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           3623088                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                     4947229                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   2932324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  2014905                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21782878014298.414062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             4746497.587186                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         2826647                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                 300      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                10545567     67.91%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  25745      0.17%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                    5831      0.04%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                    873      0.01%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                   1784      0.01%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                   1200      0.01%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                   866      0.01%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                2932324     18.88%     87.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               2014905     12.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 15529397                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         378.483377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs           4906721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          137850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.594639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   378.483377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.739225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.739225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10042716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10042716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      2729416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2729416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      1879929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1879929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        42566                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        42566                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         1005                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1005                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        56673                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        56673                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        55566                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        55566                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      4610350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4610350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data      4652916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4652916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       105516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        24426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         3382                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3382                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data         5870                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5870                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data          655                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          655                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       135812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       135812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       139194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       139194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      2834932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2834932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1904355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1904355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        45948                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45948                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data         6875                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6875                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        57328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        57235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        57235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data      4746162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4746162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      4792110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4792110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.037220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.012826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.073605                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.073605                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.853818                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.853818                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.011425                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011425                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.028615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        72255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           72255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               134484                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.596371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          13216991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          186088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           71.025488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.596371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        26620070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       26620070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     13030903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13030903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     13030903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13030903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     13030903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13030903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       186088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       186088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       186088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       186088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       186088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       186088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     13216991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13216991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     13216991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13216991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     13216991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13216991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       185576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          185576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               185576                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                14149                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14149                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              543819                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             543819                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        19690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        43598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1115936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        19690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          381                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        33121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34240840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34240840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34273961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.972836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6807621475548501                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.972836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4825521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4825521                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536169                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536169                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536153                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                15546.404115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   72915859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  6410149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                    11.375065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1132.447927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker     7.215858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker     9.670677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     433.540760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    1146.024240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.934417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker     0.123333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst      46.505844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data      38.466650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    88.650651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    71.828550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    3992.854863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    5573.113992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    13.243285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    26.783157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    1186.562307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    1778.437601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.069119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.026461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.069948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.002838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.002348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.005411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.243705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.340156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.001635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.072422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.108547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.948877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15565                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013245                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.950012                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                153726489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses               153726489                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        11096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       116837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker      7204880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        95567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      2882799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      5147360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       108093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       169061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total               15735693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5450038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5450038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     14294113                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total        14294113                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks            856                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                 856                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data            808                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           2385                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data            868                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           7559                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11620                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data           30066                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          111703                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          786660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           77102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total              1005531                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       608403                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       682457                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst     15660821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       858792                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          17810473                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       250977                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data      1650854                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      3764922                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       458056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          6124809                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data          633                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         3954                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data       290815                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         5604                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total           301006                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        11096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       116837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst             608403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data             281043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker      7204880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        95567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst             682457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data            1762557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      2882799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      5147360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst           15660821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data            4551582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       108093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       169061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             858792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             535158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                40676506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        11096                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       116837                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst            608403                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data            281043                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker      7204880                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        95567                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst            682457                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data           1762557                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      2882799                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      5147360                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst          15660821                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data           4551582                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       108093                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       169061                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            858792                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            535158                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               40676506                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker        62480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker         1677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         7658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         5609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                80993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        13967                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         3408                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data       133668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         9297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total            160340                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         3861                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         2235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data       144737                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         6447                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          157280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        546596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        385773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         57851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         65359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total            1055579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        35164                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst       112872                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst       279791                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        48554                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          476381                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       606365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data      2377829                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       572913                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       123057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        3680164                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data         5531                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       165969                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        27720                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data       484316                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         683536                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            35164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          1152961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker        62480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker         1677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           112872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data          2763602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         7658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         5609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           279791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data           630764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            48554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data           188416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               5293117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          575                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          533                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           35164                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1152961                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker        62480                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker         1677                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          112872                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data         2763602                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         7658                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         5609                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          279791                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data          630764                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          703                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           48554                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data          188416                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              5293117                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        11671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       117370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker      7267360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        97244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      2890457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      5152969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       109851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       169764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total           15816686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5450038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5450038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     14294113                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total     14294113                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks          856                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total             856                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        14775                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         5793                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data       134536                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        16856                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          171960                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         3989                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2525                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data       144984                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         6893                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        158391                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       576662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       497476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       844511                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       142461                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2061110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       643567                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       795329                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     15940612                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       907346                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      18286854                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       857342                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data      4028683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      4337835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       581113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      9804973                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data         6164                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       169923                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       318535                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data       489920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       984542                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        11671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       117370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         643567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        1434004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker      7267360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        97244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         795329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        4526159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      2890457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      5152969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst       15940612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        5182346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       109851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       169764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         907346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         723574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            45969623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        11671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       117370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst        643567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       1434004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker      7267360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        97244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst        795329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       4526159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      2890457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      5152969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst      15940612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       5182346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       109851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       169764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        907346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        723574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           45969623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.049267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.008597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.017245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.945313                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.588296                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.993548                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.551554                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.932426                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.967912                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.885149                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.998296                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.935297                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992986                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.947862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.775461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.068502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.458785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.512141                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.054639                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.141919                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.017552                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.053512                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.026050                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.707262                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.590225                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.132073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.211761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.375336                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.897307                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.976731                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.087023                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.988561                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.694268                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.049267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.054639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.804015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.008597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.017245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.141919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.610584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.017552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.121714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.016003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.053512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.260396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.115144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.049267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.054639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.804015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.008597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.017245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.141919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.610584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.017552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.121714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.016003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.053512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.260396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.115144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1882655                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1882655                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       5670696                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                14892.886069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                    3755021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                   406689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     9.233151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2110.857096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    10.179524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker     7.273594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     466.213953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     442.632178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst      12.377132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data      10.615921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    53.743844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    71.268797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst    3191.398945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    6187.901088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker     6.178185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker     5.827010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     639.791060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    1676.627509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.128836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.000621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.028455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.027016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.000648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.004350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.194788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.377680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.000377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.039050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.102333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.908990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008850                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.913025                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                  8001607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                 8001607                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        75497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       128180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         8156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        17968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        39886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        42052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        77237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                 390991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       379329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total          379329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       773866                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total          773866                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data            514                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data             37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            520                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data            261                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1332                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          281                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               562                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data           25540                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data            1790                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           13178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data           32785                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total                73293                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       395054                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        30335                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       145861                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       382013                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            953263                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       132501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        14674                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        79211                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       203430                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           429816                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         8075                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          101                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         1608                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         4922                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total            14706                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        75497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       128180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             395054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             158041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         8156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst              30335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data              16464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        17968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        39886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             145861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data              92389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        42052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        77237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             382013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data             236215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                 1847363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        75497                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       128180                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            395054                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            158041                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2015                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         8156                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst             30335                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data             16464                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        17968                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        39886                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            145861                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data             92389                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        42052                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        77237                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            382013                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data            236215                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                1847363                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                 2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         4240                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data          381                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         5935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        13736                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             24292                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         4377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data          219                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         3237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         9078                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16911                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data          8829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data          2791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         14195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data         20814                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total              46629                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        24079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst         4964                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        21792                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        31241                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           82076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        45814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data         6996                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        48966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data       106876                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         208652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         6382                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         2092                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        13436                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        15635                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total          37545                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            24079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data            54643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst             4964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data             9787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            21792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data            63161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            31241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data           127690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total                340151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          655                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          343                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           24079                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data           54643                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst            4964                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data            9787                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          243                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           21792                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data           63161                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          561                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          524                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           31241                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data          127690                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total               340151                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        76152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       128523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         8190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        18331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        40129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        42613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        77761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total             393785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       379329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       379329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       773866                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total       773866                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         4754                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data          418                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         6455                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        13997                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           25624                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         4476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         3389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         9359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         17473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        34369                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data         4581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        27373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        53599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           119922                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       419133                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        35299                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       167653                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       413254                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1035339                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       178315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        21670                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       128177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       310306                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       638468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        14457                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2193                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        15044                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        20557                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        52251                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        76152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       128523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         419133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         212684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         8190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst          35299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data          26251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        18331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        40129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         167653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         155550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        42613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        77761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         413254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data         363905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total             2187514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        76152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       128523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        419133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        212684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         8190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         35299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data         26251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        18331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        40129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        167653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        155550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        42613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        77761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        413254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data        363905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total            2187514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.008601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.034036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.019803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.891881                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.911483                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.919442                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.981353                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.948017                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.977882                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.879518                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.955149                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.969975                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967836                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.256888                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.609256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.518577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.388328                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.388828                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.057450                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.140627                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.129983                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.075598                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.079275                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.256927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.322843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.382019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.344421                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.326801                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.441447                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.953944                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.893114                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.760568                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.718551                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.008601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.057450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.256921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.034036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.140627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.372824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.019803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.129983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.406050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.075598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.350888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.155497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.008601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.057450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.256921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.034036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.140627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.372824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.019803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.129983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.406050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.075598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.350888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.155497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks               86748                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                    86748                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                        314055                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                14816.790818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                    3490614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                   507769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     6.874413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2809.856592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    37.165829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    19.738825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    1237.186902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    2607.377442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    30.274914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker     3.764506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    1457.403901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    2655.845842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     2.651283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     0.884232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     202.380094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     330.542386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    22.519256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    50.110625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    1282.297704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    2066.790485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.171500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.001205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.075512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.159142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.001848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.088953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.162100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.012352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.020175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.001374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.078265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.126147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.904345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010315                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909058                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                  7605659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                 7605659                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        24272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        50210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        20566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        31929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        31187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        36467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        43800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        56620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                 295051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       487982                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total          487982                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       647823                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          647823                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data            609                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           1484                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            947                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data            676                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3716                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          194                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          354                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1024                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data           17704                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data           15262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data           18931                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           25628                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total                77525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       185864                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       113906                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       129568                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       223457                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            652795                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        98907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        94799                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data       109238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       159445                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           462389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1480                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         1697                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         2427                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         3070                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             8674                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        24272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        50210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             185864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data             116611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        20566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        31929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             113906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data             110061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        31187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        36467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             129568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data             128169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        43800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        56620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             223457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             185073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                 1487760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        24272                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        50210                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            185864                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data            116611                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        20566                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        31929                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            113906                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data            110061                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        31187                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        36467                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            129568                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data            128169                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        43800                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        56620                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            223457                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            185073                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                1487760                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                 3606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2979                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         1591                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         1785                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         3810                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10165                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         2454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         2956                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         7702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15794                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         18712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         13570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         13867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         24330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total              70479                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        31004                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        18336                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        20561                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        32910                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          102811                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        57338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        45517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data        60407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        89282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         252544                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        17732                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        10326                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data        11726                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        14653                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          54437                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            31004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data            76050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            18336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data            59087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            20561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data            74274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            32910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data           113612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total                429440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          566                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          479                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           31004                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data           76050                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          298                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           18336                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data           59087                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          487                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          337                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           20561                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data           74274                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          614                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          463                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           32910                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data          113612                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total               429440                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        24838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        50689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        20928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        32227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        31674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        36804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        44414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        57083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             298657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       487982                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       487982                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       647823                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       647823                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         3588                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3075                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2732                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4486                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13881                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2911                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         2701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         8056                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         16818                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        36416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        28832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data        32798                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        49958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total           148004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       216868                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       132242                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       150129                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       256367                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        755606                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       156245                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       140316                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       169645                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       248727                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       714933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        19212                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        12023                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14153                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        17723                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        63111                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        24838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        50689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         216868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         192661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        20928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        32227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         132242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         169148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        31674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        36804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         150129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         202443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        44414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        57083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         256367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         298685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total             1917200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        24838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        50689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        216868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        192661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        20928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        32227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        132242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        169148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        31674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        36804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        150129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        202443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        44414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        57083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        256367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        298685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total            1917200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.022788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.017297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.009157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.012074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.830268                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.517398                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.653367                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.849309                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.732296                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.921333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.908552                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.938413                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.956058                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.939113                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.513840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.470658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.422800                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.487009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.476197                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.142963                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.138655                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.136956                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.128371                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.136064                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.366975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.324389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.356079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.358956                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.353241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.922965                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.858854                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.828517                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.826779                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.862560                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.022788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.142963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.394735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.017297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.138655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.349321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.009157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.136956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.366888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.128371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.380374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.223993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.022788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.142963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.394735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.017297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.138655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.349321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.009157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.136956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.366888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.128371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.380374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.223993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks              140889                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                   140889                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                        447921                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                15788.870556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                  264927485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  8066555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    32.842705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    3008.739389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     8.124615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    23.876022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     818.268188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    1014.476776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   113.043005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    98.647534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    3208.481614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    3385.297752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    24.661720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    34.738813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    1424.537893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    2228.553031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.697248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker     1.043139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst     152.841145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data     242.842673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.183639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.001457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.049943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.061919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.195830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.206622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.002120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.086947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.136020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.009329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.014822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.963676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.019470                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933533                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                539041691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses               539041691                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        21637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        36781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      2458418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      4528909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      3936620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     24823804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        19927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        34074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total               35860170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14335553                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14335553                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     79157679                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total        79157679                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           1044                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          23760                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          13534                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data             71                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total               38409                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data        21759                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data         7945                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             30089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           14908                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          717522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         3520661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           12034                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total              4265125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       138795                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst     13713697                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     79830366                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       168309                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          93851167                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        88854                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data      3277530                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data     15958589                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data        77342                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         19402315                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         1645                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data       221232                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       947828                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data          810                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total          1171515                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        21637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        36781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             138795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data             103762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      2458418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      4528909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst           13713697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data            3995052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      3936620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     24823804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst           79830366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data           19479250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        19927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        34074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             168309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data              89376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total               153378777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        21637                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        36781                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            138795                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data            103762                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      2458418                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      4528909                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          13713697                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data           3995052                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      3936620                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     24823804                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          79830366                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data          19479250                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        19927                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        34074                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            168309                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data             89376                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total              153378777                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker        21895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        30193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       135553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        96334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total               285353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         3503                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        48325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       130044                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         1824                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total            183696                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         3362                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        33398                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        87630                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         1360                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          125750                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         16601                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         73137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        390117                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         10367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             490222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        26637                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst       557906                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst      2116270                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        17779                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2718592                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        60584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       479821                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data      1562611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        31320                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2134336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        12144                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        31122                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data       247410                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         5058                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total         295734                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            26637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data            77185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker        21895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        30193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           557906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data           552958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       135553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        96334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          2116270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data          1952728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            17779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data            41687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               5628503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          507                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          356                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           26637                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data           77185                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker        21895                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        30193                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          557906                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data          552958                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       135553                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        96334                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         2116270                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data         1952728                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          320                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          195                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           17779                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data           41687                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              5628503                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        22144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        37137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      2480313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      4559102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      4072173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     24920138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        20247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        34269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total           36145523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14335553                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14335553                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     79157679                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total     79157679                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         4547                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        72085                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       143578                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         1895                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          222105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3632                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        55157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        95575                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         1475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        155839                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        31509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       790659                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3910778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        22401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4755347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       165432                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     14271603                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     81946636                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       186088                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      96569759                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       149438                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      3757351                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     17521200                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       108662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     21536651                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13789                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data       252354                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1195238                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data         5868                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      1467249                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        22144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        37137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         165432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         180947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      2480313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      4559102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst       14271603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        4548010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      4072173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     24920138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       81946636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       21431978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        20247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        34269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         186088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         131063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total           159007280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        22144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        37137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        165432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        180947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      2480313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      4559102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      14271603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       4548010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      4072173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     24920138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      81946636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      21431978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        20247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        34269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        186088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        131063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total          159007280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.022896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.770398                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.670389                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.905738                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.962533                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.827068                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.925661                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.605508                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.916872                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.922034                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.806923                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.526865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.092501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.099754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.462792                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.103089                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.161015                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.039092                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.025825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.095541                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.028152                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.405412                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.127702                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.288233                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.099103                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.880702                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.123327                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.206996                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.861963                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.201557                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.022896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.161015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.426561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.039092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.121582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.025825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.091113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.095541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.318068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.035398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.022896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.161015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.426561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.039092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.121582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.025825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.091113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.095541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.318068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.035398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks             1226755                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                  1226755                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       6461470                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      25969380                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11356034                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      5079354                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               92217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10123888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              63496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             63496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3869831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7921221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           490600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         412356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          719041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1639068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1638096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10031671                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1604633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1604052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        38110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       105368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18023729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total     18167207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1126876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total      1136286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1439171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total      1444789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       150214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17763973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total     17916893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               40273666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34313792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34313792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        29523                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       210736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    458921600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    459161859                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     27257344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total     27275552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1765                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     36410880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total     36419181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       300428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    437630656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    437932665                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               995103049                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          14334041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.528041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.913299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9871010     68.86%     68.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2443163     17.04%     85.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  933800      6.51%     92.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                 1086068      7.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            14334041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     63097024                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28478813                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      8117498                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       1171067                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       828898                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       342169                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq          15932980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         44164574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            26879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           26879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5450038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     18284807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean            856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        7293477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         187177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       163502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        350679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         2067941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        2067941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     18286855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9944739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        14656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        14656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       984591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       984591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1930189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      4476784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       235714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        30122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      2385475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     14156765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       195878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     14560114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     47821327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     17263126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     10310940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      5788472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      2721526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3716386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       351172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       303828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total            126247818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     82343808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    138269598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       942856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       120488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    101769344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    376517452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       783512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     58240456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side   2040365696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    493129804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     41243760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     23153888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    116107520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    109992141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1404688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1215312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            3585600323                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        8582614                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                120489920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        55822164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.226936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.703794                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              49383020     88.46%     88.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               2786851      4.99%     93.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2               1198520      2.15%     95.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3               2330897      4.18%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                122876      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          55822164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3774471                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1732523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       491691                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        547933                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       219149                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       328784                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq            432248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          2112981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             1600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            1600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       379329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1033291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         399742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          26936                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         45201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          120340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         120340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1035339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       645394                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        52302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        52302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1256887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       701637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       259270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       162426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       105385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side        90762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        17028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         5304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       502447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       530782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        87112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        53136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1239250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1198558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       167068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       106942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total              6483994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     53616256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     20237422                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1037080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       649704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      4485504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2703926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        68112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        21216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     21426816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     15768082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       348448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       212544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     52863744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     34592810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       668272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       427768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             209127704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        2393563                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                  5551872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         4648525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.412505                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.972145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               3729644     80.23%     80.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                401901      8.65%     88.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                188270      4.05%     92.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                175740      3.78%     96.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                152970      3.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           4648525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3524412                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1754402                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       220338                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        479058                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       158329                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       320729                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            362167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          1838001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             1270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            1270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       487982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       753558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         428306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          14379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         32509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          148431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         148431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       755606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       720228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        63143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        63143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       650092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       655549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       109120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        68076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       396214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       558240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        69680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        66384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       449875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       665978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        80680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        86730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       768589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       976265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       125518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       115068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total              5842058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     27726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     19870343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       436480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       272304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     16894208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     17291060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       278720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       265536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     19183744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     20014860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       322720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       346920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     32782208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     29657062                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       502072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       460272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             186304845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                        2209119                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                  9016896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         4252186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.371868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.941588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               3498075     82.27%     82.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                349251      8.21%     90.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                121510      2.86%     93.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                144420      3.40%     96.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                138930      3.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           4252186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests    250541247                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    116851581                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     29240059                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       2354337                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2025197                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       329140                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 42381237045289504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq          36224427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp        154786394                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            33747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           33747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14335553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     96567711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict       13398801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         292372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       245245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        537617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         4766728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        4766728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     96569759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     21992208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      1469252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1469252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       495784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       601282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        81788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        64036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     42814297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     15485231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      9122814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      4984746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    245839396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     68911293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     49840464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      8144768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       557752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       512598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        73738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        51074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total            447581061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     21142528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     18183336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       327152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       256144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1826732416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    448929048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     36491256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     19938984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side  10489136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   2150161848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side    199361856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     32579072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     23786496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     13075073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       294952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       204296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total           15280601097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        8175654                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 78512320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples       169404190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.220347                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.618944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0             145552709     85.92%     85.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1              14737646      8.70%     94.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2               4810087      2.84%     97.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3               4245077      2.51%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 58671      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total         169404190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
