
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              23594.743976                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                23594743976028500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               30341867030809500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2357333                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2630246                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           5812947523423                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4921564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4059.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  9568409489                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10676164103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       2897024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      71986432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       167040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        62656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       5494528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       9808000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       318528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker       247552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst      13279232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      16485248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2294272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       5593792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        18560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        12608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst        783488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data        821504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        837248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       2276544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        19392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1485376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       3209536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker      3824064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker       133056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       5036288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data     171782976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        10624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst        977600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       1663360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1861376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       5285952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        14528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        12480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1073984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       2879680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        29952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        20544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1730880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       4816576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        21952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        16448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1306816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       2518912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       607040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       963712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst      22482112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data      19270976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      5793664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      4146176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      91550976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      71262656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        53376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        65920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1581760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       1408960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          562537408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      2897024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      5494528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst     13279232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2294272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst       783488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       837248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1485376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      5036288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst       977600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1861376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1073984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1730880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1306816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst     22482112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     91550976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1581760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     154672960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    220173952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       220173952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker          652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker          428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          45266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1124788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         2610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          85852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         153250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         4977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         3868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst         207488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         257582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          35848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          87403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          12242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          12836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          13082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          35571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          23209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          50149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker        59751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker         2079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          78692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data        2684109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          15275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          25990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          29084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          82593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          16781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          44995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          27045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          75259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          20419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          39358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         9485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker        15058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst         351283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         301109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        90526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        64784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst        1430484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data        1113479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         1030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          24715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          22015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8789647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3440218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3440218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             3051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst               97                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst               33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data               35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst               35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data               96                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker          162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data             7281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst               41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data               70                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               79                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               46                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               73                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               55                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             3020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst               67                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data               60                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 23842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst           97                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst           33                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst           35                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           63                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          213                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           79                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           46                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           73                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           55                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst           67                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             6555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            9331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 9331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            9331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            3051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst              97                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst              33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data              35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst              35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data              96                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker          162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data            7281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst              41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data              70                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              79                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              46                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              73                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              55                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            3020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst              67                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data              60                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                33173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         3850662216887805.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3850662216887805.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30341867030809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         3850662216887805.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3850662216887805.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30341867030809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         3850662216887805.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           3850662216887805.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30341867030809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         3850662216887805.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           3850662216887805.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30341867030809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   12354                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               12354                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12354                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12354    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12354                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9261     98.88%     98.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           99      1.06%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            6      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9366                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        12354                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12354                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9366                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9366                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21720                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   10208053                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    11322                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                   9687793                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    1032                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    629                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  378                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     279                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               10219375                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses               9688825                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        19895846                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         12354                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    19908200                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   40121                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               40121                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40121                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40121    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40121                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39820     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          127      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39947                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        40121                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40121                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        39947                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39947                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        80068                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                   46016556                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    40121                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    320                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses               46056677                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                        46016556                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         40121                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                    46056677                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              3697                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1849                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   12760797497296.083984                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  24914970716492.042969                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          584     31.58%     31.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          840     45.43%     77.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.05%     77.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.05%     77.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.05%     77.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.05%     77.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          421     22.77%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113389360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1849                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   29403527792                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594714572500460                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   60568983203565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   1849                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                  46052087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                    58803229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts               8824866                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            54302361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               27196                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   2619249                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts      7382018                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                   54302361                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      27196                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          75362612                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         43977420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             30645                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            13987                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           13275456                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          13206982                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    19887836                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  10200017                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                  9687819                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             60568907723145.414062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             75480419.583224                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                        10313834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                 596      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                38833607     66.03%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  60105      0.10%     66.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   15534      0.03%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1892      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   3846      0.01%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   2384      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  1845      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               10200017     17.34%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite               9687819     16.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                 58807645                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         438.057988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          19895101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1464949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           13.580746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   438.057988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.855582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        41255407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses       41255407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data      9124675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9124675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data      8947005                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8947005                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        99955                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        99955                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         1601                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1601                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       117409                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       117409                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       109618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       109618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     18073281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       18073281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     18173236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      18173236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data       856913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       856913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       602841                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       602841                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        10102                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10102                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        15105                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15105                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         1180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data         8697                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8697                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      1474859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      1474859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      1484961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      1484961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data      9981588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9981588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data      9549846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9549846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       110057                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       110057                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        16706                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16706                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       118589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       118589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       118315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       118315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     19548140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19548140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     19658197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19658197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.085849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.063126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.063126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.091789                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.091789                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.904166                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.904166                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.009950                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009950                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.073507                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073507                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.075448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.075539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       706347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          706347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              1435788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs          46056503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          578285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           79.643261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses        92691291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses       92691291                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst     45478218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      45478218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst     45478218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       45478218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst     45478218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      45478218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       578285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       578285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       578285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       578285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       578285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       578285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst     46056503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46056503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst     46056503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     46056503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst     46056503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     46056503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.012556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.012556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.012556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       577773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          577773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               577773                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                  186653                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong              186653                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       186653                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        186653    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       186653                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       176542     98.48%     98.48% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2472      1.38%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          250      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       179264                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       186653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       186653                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       179264                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       179264                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       365917                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                  370017264                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                   163347                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                 365061282                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                   23306                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    339                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                 5640                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     139                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses              370180611                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses             365084588                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       735078546                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                        186653                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   735265199                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                  301936                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong              301936                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       301936                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        301936    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       301936                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       299281     99.17%     99.17% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2516      0.83%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       301797                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       301936                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       301936                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       301797                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       301797                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       603733                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                 6749318605                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                   301936                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    219                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses             6749620541                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                      6749318605                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                        301936                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                  6749620541                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              5585                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2793                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   8446500954064.037109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  24012669597945.699219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          378     13.53%     13.53% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2008     71.89%     85.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     85.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.04%     85.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.07%     85.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.07%     85.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.04%     85.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.04%     85.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.04%     85.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          398     14.25%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409857768                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2793                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3666811327644                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23591077164700856                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   47073373211776                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   2793                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                6749603426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                  7333607429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts            6678211125                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses          6632493411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses             1501094                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                 464606727                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    746981330                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                 6632493411                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                    1501094                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        9508962659                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes       4604531124                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads           2182770                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes          1327948                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads        21680670489                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes        4688066650                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   758024519                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 393515402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                364509117                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             47066057634277.093750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             7315577498.900570                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000155                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999845                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                      1194247196                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               64817      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              6507995152     88.74%     88.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult               61762636      0.84%     89.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   75532      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                 217113      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                 463614      0.01%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                 259268      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                217759      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4543995      0.06%     89.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              393515402      5.37%     95.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             364509101      4.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total               7333624405                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         467.836137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         735239151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1889127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          389.195195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   467.836137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.913742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1472379333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1472379333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data    368047931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     368047931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data    363447320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    363447320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data       206123                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       206123                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         9547                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         9547                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       800337                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       800337                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       786993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       786993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    731504798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      731504798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    731710921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     731710921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data      1073027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1073027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       276341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       276341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data        35307                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        35307                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       523622                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       523622                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         9910                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9910                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        22693                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22693                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1872990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1872990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1908297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1908297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data    369120958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    369120958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data    363723661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    363723661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data       241430                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       241430                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       533169                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       533169                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       810247                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       810247                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       809686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       809686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    733377788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    733377788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    733619218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    733619218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.000760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.146241                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.146241                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.982094                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.982094                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.028027                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.028027                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1227356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total         1227356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1853261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.996123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs        6749620402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5507185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         1225.602627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.996123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13504747989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses    13504747989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst   6744113217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6744113217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst   6744113217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total     6744113217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst   6744113217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total    6744113217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst      5507185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5507185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst      5507185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total      5507185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst      5507185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total      5507185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst   6749620402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6749620402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst   6749620402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total   6749620402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst   6749620402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total   6749620402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5506673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total         5506673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements              5506673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  570308                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              570308                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       570308                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        570308    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       570308                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -646523308                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -646523308    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -646523308                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       559232     98.29%     98.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         9124      1.60%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          588      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       568944                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       570308                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       570308                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       568944                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       568944                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1139252                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   54150481                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   544776                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  44180061                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                   25532                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                   2338                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                18639                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     642                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               54695257                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              44205593                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                        98330542                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        570308                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                    98900850                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  994560                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              994560                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       994560                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        994560    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       994560                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -646217308                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -646217308    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -646217308                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       985225     99.09%     99.09% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         9022      0.91%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       994247                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       994560                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       994560                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       994247                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       994247                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1988807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                  262025008                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   994560                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                   1863                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses              263019568                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                       262025008                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        994560                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                   263019568                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions             18759                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         9380                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2508964649611.815430                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  11228365546956.730469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1157     12.33%     12.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7513     80.10%     92.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.01%     92.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            5      0.05%     92.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            5      0.05%     92.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            4      0.04%     92.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            4      0.04%     92.65% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          689      7.35%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          9380                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60655562669127                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23534088413358828                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   60562783250997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   9380                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 262982343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   314694493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts              89442846                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           290038841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses             5537220                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  18470202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts     37102242                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  290038841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                    5537220                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads         411550584                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        229384850                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads           8061915                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes          4915871                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads           63177241                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes          61330923                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    98707734                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  54522507                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 44185227                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             60562379334096.187500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             403916900.815412                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                        58618653                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass              239744      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu               210728219     66.95%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                 587709      0.19%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                  179631      0.06%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                   12      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                 803546      0.26%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                1718010      0.55%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                 958976      0.30%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                807811      0.26%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               54522507     17.32%     85.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              44185227     14.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                314731405                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         434.225811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs          98874470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3666362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           26.968005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807621254874500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   434.225811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.848097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.662109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       201416468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      201416468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     50303455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      50303455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     42367108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42367108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       516307                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       516307                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data        74572                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        74572                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       922925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       922925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       854134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       854134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data     92745135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       92745135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data     93261442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      93261442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      2796057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2796057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       608066                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       608066                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data       117938                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       117938                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       203570                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       203570                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data        21585                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        21585                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        88696                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        88696                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      3607693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      3607693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      3725631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      3725631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     53099512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53099512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     42975174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42975174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       634245                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       634245                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       278142                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       278142                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       944510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       944510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       942830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       942830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data     96352828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     96352828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data     96987073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     96987073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.052657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.014149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.185950                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.185950                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.731892                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.731892                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.022853                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022853                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.094074                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094074                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.037443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.038414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1575135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1575135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              3556739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.687203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         263019255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         9231837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           28.490457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807621254869500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   510.687203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses       535270347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses      535270347                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst    253787418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     253787418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst    253787418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      253787418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst    253787418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     253787418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      9231837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9231837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      9231837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      9231837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      9231837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      9231837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst    263019255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    263019255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst    263019255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    263019255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst    263019255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    263019255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.035099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.035099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.035099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      9231325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         9231325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              9231325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   16634                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               16634                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16634                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16634    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16634                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1574434192                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1574434192    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1574434192                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        15329     98.47%     98.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          192      1.23%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           46      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        15567                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        16634                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16634                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        15567                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        15567                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        32201                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    6635848                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    15229                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   4638918                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    1405                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                   1022                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  514                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     383                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                6651077                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               4640323                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        11274766                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         16634                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    11291400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   23356                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               23356                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23356                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23356    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23356                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1527428192                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1527428192    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1527428192                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23048     99.53%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          110      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23158                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        23356                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23356                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        23158                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23158                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        46514                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                   30254341                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    23356                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    576                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses               30277697                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                        30254341                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         23356                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                    30277697                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               563                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          282                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   83669242148445.953125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1174848785442583.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          125     44.33%     44.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          143     50.71%     95.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.35%     95.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.35%     95.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           12      4.26%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19329529597749000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           282                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   17690166739                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594726285861760                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   22024674866403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    282                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                  30274657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                    35377390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts              18704297                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            32473868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               93415                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                   1275923                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      5068919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                   32473868                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      93415                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          43950393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes         25706501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            119547                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            65898                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            9068529                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           8958039                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    11268918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   6630056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  4638862                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             22024658353405.406250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             16512997.594211                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         6764877                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                3191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                23982984     67.79%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  57886      0.16%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   13745      0.04%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   9739      0.03%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  20291      0.06%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  12764      0.04%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                 10710      0.03%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                6630056     18.74%     86.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               4638862     13.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                 35380232                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         370.261883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          11288201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          283609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.801984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   370.261883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.723168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.723168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        22861291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses       22861291                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      6262154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6262154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      4460409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4460409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        72786                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        72786                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         2988                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2988                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       101099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       101099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        98222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        98222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     10725551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       10725551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     10798337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      10798337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       208250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        49996                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        49996                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         4589                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4589                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        23218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        23218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          879                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          879                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         3611                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3611                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       281464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       281464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       286053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       286053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      6470404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6470404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      4510405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4510405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        77375                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        77375                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        26206                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26206                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       101978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       101978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       101833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       101833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     11007015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11007015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     11084390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11084390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.032185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.059309                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.059309                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.885980                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.885980                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.008620                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008620                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.035460                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035460                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.025571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.025807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       153043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          153043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               278748                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.179472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs          30277499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          269845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          112.203298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   511.179472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        60824843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       60824843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst     30007654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      30007654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst     30007654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       30007654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst     30007654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      30007654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       269845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       269845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       269845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       269845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       269845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       269845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     30277499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30277499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst     30277499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     30277499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst     30277499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     30277499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.008912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.008912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.008912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       269333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          269333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               269333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                    5920                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong                5920                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5920                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5920                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5738     98.10%     98.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          102      1.74%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            9      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5849                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         5920                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5920                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5849                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5849                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        11769                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    1022217                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                     5565                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                    829100                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                     355                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                     72                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  214                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      21                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                1027782                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                829455                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         1851317                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                          5920                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     1857237                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   13035                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               13035                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13035                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13035    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13035                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12921     99.30%     99.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           91      0.70%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13012                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13035                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13035                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13012                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13012                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26047                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                    4822362                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    13035                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                4835397                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                         4822362                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         13035                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                     4835397                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions               491                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          246                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   95913581645470.078125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1239464620894023.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           65     26.42%     26.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          125     50.81%     77.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.41%     77.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.41%     78.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           54     21.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19450045637883000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           246                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2891242860                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594741084785640                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21783642786099                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    246                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   4834770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     5781965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               1198276                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             5347996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses               58032                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                    333949                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       676250                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    5347996                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                      58032                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads           7588051                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          4250450                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads             82807                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            50100                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            1172808                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           1144627                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     1853862                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   1024658                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   829204                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21783640116793.332031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             2669305.668146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         1060013                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                2451      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 3868896     66.91%     66.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  11654      0.20%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                    2606      0.05%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                   8025      0.14%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  17156      0.30%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                   9804      0.17%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                  8111      0.14%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                1024658     17.72%     85.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                829204     14.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  5782569                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         361.412453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           1854643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           64266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.858852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   361.412453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.705884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.705884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.716797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3777392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3777392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data       945169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        945169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data       791863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       791863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        13582                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        13582                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data          631                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          631                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        18429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        17322                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17322                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      1737663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1737663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      1751245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1751245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data        47974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        47974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        11998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         1825                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1825                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data         4027                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4027                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data          404                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          404                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         1419                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1419                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data        63999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        63999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data        65824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        65824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data       993143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       993143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data       803861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       803861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        15407                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        15407                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data         4658                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4658                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        18833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        18741                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18741                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      1801662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1801662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      1817069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1817069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.048305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.118453                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.118453                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.864534                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.864534                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.021452                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021452                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.075716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.035522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           29222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                60472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.905060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs           4835374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          133551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           36.206198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.905060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses         9804299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses        9804299                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst      4701823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4701823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst      4701823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        4701823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst      4701823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       4701823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       133551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       133551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       133551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       133551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       133551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       133551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      4835374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4835374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst      4835374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      4835374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      4835374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      4835374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.027620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.027620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.027620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       133039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          133039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               133039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    6404                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                6404                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         6404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          6404    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         6404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1536249748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1536249748    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1536249748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         6145     98.62%     98.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           65      1.04%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           21      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         6231                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         6404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         6404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         6231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         6231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        12635                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                    2434021                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     5883                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                   1534982                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     521                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    766                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  139                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     173                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                2439904                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses               1535503                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         3969003                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          6404                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     3975407                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    8051                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                8051                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8051                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8051    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8051                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1536244748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1536244748    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1536244748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7920     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           63      0.79%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7983                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         8051                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8051                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         7983                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7983                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16034                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                   10425741                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     8051                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    639                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses               10433792                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                        10425741                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          8051                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                    10433792                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               379                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          190                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   102371170575972.781250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1411049476330274.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           93     48.95%     48.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           95     50.00%     98.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.53%     99.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      0.53%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19449977652474500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           190                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144221566593671                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 19450522409434828                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21783778756860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    190                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                  10433054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                    12203623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts               6135127                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            11290524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               40927                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    459216                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      1649336                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                   11290524                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      40927                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          15316837                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          9017620                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             55508                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            33519                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            2926002                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           2880255                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     3969682                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   2434642                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                  1535040                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21783773123074.062500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             5633785.936173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                         2240100                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                1640      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 8176942     67.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  22583      0.19%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                    5802      0.05%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   5130      0.04%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                  10716      0.09%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   6560      0.05%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  5236      0.04%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                2434642     19.95%     87.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite               1535040     12.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                 12204293                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         344.698694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           3974748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          112210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.422404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891338519236500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   344.698694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.673240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.673240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         8061706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        8061706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data      2290008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2290008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data      1464894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1464894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        25917                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        25917                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          596                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          596                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        39655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        37491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        37491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      3755498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        3755498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      3781415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       3781415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        81349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        81349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        20086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         2282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         9592                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         9592                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          411                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          411                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         2467                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2467                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       111027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       111027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       113309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       113309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data      2371357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2371357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data      1484980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1484980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        28199                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        28199                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        10188                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        10188                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        40066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        40066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        39958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        39958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      3866525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3866525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      3894724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3894724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.034305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.080925                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.080925                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.941500                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.941500                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.010258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.061740                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061740                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.028715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.029093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        56974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           56974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               109171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         422.071568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs          10433724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           93811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          111.220688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891338519231500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   422.071568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.824359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses        20961259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses       20961259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst     10339913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10339913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst     10339913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10339913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst     10339913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10339913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        93811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        93811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        93811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        93811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        93811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        93811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     10433724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10433724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst     10433724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10433724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst     10433724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10433724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.008991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        93299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           93299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                93299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                    8622                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                8622                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8622                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8622    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8622                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1821614104                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1821614104    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1821614104                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7637     98.78%     98.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           75      0.97%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7731                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8622                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8622                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         7731                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7731                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16353                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    3640867                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     7924                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   2220671                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     698                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    339                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  125                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     155                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                3648791                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               2221369                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         5861538                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                          8622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     5870160                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   13741                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               13741                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13741                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13741    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13741                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1870398104                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1870398104    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1870398104                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13536     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           34      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13570                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13741                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13741                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   16140591                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    13741                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               16154332                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        16140591                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         13741                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    16154332                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               449                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          225                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   104865487248366.046875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1323730222382582                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          102     45.33%     45.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          119     52.89%     98.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.44%     98.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.33%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19449961649742000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           225                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    9345146138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594734630882360                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21783810762360                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    225                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  16152425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    18688451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               8290152                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            17068821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               28769                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    686384                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      2919917                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   17068821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      28769                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          23311016                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         13634035                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             34158                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            19755                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            5084691                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           5048640                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     5859403                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   3638651                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  2220752                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21783802134477.562500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             8627882.437949                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         3777140                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 909      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                12772018     68.34%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  36873      0.20%     68.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    6595      0.04%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   2620      0.01%     68.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   5403      0.03%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   3636      0.02%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  2728      0.01%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                3638651     19.47%     88.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               2220752     11.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 18690187                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         450.712993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           5867801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          166799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.178874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   450.712993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.880299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        11904193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses       11904193                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      3394824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3394824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      2105502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2105502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        52493                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        52493                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1265                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1265                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        72036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        72036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        68573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        68573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      5501591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        5501591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      5554084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       5554084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       125073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       125073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        27566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         2798                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2798                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        13251                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13251                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         3852                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3852                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       165890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       165890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       168688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       168688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      3519897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3519897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      2133068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2133068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        55291                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        55291                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        14516                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14516                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        72604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        72425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        72425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      5667481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5667481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      5722772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5722772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.035533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.050605                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050605                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.912855                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.912855                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.007823                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007823                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.053186                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053186                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.029270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.029477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        85045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           85045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               163599                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.179460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          16154161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          151752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          106.451058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   511.179460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        32460074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       32460074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     16002409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      16002409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     16002409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       16002409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     16002409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      16002409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       151752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       151752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       151752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       151752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       151752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       151752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     16154161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16154161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     16154161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     16154161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     16154161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     16154161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.009394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.009394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       151240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          151240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               151240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                 2431180                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong             2431180                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2431180                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2431180    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2431180                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    374755396                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     374755396    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    374755396                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2426125     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          191      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          345      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2426661                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2431180                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2431180                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2426661                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2426661                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4857841                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                  147883148                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                  2286756                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  73546974                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                  144424                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    653                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  868                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     175                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses              150169904                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              73691398                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                       221430122                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                       2431180                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                   223861302                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   45483                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               45483                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        45483                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         45483    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        45483                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        45209     99.76%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          111      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        45320                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        45483                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        45483                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        45320                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        45320                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        90803                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  654358770                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    45483                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    343                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              654404253                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       654358770                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         45483                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   654404253                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              2520                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1260                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   18725690743954.816406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  31150815630927.398438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          764     60.63%     60.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          104      8.25%     68.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          392     31.11%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1260                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  373638645432                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594370337383068                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   60634518484011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   1261                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 654398407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   747271683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             601049596                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           686117009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses              451784                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  29281091                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts     82660359                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  686117009                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                     451784                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads         934576857                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        588226455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads            573013                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes           391118                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads          231688635                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         227135981                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                   223696263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                 150011143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 73685120                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             60633558295641.523438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             960188369.471583                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       121167720                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass               14392      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               515789299     69.02%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7423679      0.99%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   15496      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                  41563      0.01%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                 103391      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                  55536      0.01%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                 34880      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead              150011143     20.07%     90.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              73685120      9.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                747277366                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.076260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs         223846405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4900492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           45.678353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   431.076260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.841946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       452598678                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      452598678                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data    145312479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     145312479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     72492936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     72492936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data       257711                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       257711                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data        64363                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        64363                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data       396356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       396356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data       400535                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       400535                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data    217869778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total      217869778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data    218127489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total     218127489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data      4170375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4170375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       540364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       540364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data        17690                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        17690                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data       178406                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       178406                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         9760                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9760                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         5430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data      4889145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total      4889145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data      4906835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      4906835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data    149482854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    149482854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     73033300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73033300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data       275401                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       275401                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data       242769                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       242769                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       406116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       406116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data       405965                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       405965                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data    222758923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total    222758923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data    223034324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total    223034324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.027899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.064234                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.064234                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.734880                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.734880                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.024033                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024033                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013376                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.021948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1021957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total         1021957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements              4881388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.307849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         654404090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          994553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs          657.988151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   511.307849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.998648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1309802733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1309802733                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    653409537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     653409537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    653409537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      653409537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    653409537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     653409537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       994553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       994553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       994553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       994553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       994553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       994553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    654404090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    654404090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    654404090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    654404090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    654404090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    654404090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.001520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.001520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.001520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       994041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          994041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               994041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                    2083                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                2083                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2083                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2083    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2083                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1287842900                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1287842900    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1287842900                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1818     98.64%     98.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           22      1.19%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1843                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3926                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    1454423                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                     1743                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                   1133165                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     340                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    283                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                   80                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     148                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                1456166                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses               1133505                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         2587588                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                          2083                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     2589671                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                    7616                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong                7616                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7616                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7616    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7616                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1330827400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1330827400    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1330827400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7485     99.53%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           35      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7520                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         7616                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7616                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         7520                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7520                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        15136                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                    6566409                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                     7616                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    125                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                6574025                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                         6566409                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                          7616                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                     6574025                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               375                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   125503936548123.984375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1417402534695564.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           70     37.23%     37.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           64     34.04%     71.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.53%     71.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.53%     72.34% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           52     27.66%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19449977624341000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3904981191                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594740071047308                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783778813125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    188                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   6573156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     7809141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts               1298315                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             7254363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               39070                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    403509                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       920588                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    7254363                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      39070                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          10132802                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          5789377                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads             55398                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            33215                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            1585314                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           1568353                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     2584166                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   1450745                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                  1133421                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21783775207871.695312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             3605253.304837                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         1389580                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                1543      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 5179177     66.32%     66.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  14671      0.19%     66.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    1709      0.02%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   5398      0.07%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  11651      0.15%     66.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   6172      0.08%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  5423      0.07%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                1450745     18.58%     85.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite               1133421     14.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  7809914                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         370.140806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           2586416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           87051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.711502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   370.140806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.722931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         5263211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses        5263211                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      1325687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1325687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data      1071572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1071572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        30679                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        30679                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data          844                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          844                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        33585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        31449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        31449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      2398103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2398103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      2428782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2428782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data        63139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        63139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        19992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         2046                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2046                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data         4866                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4866                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         2317                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2317                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data        87997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        87997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data        90043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        90043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1388826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1388826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1091564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1091564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        32725                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        32725                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data         5710                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5710                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        33825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        33766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      2486100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2486100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      2518825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2518825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.045462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.062521                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.062521                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.852189                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.852189                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.007095                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007095                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.068619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.068619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.035396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.035748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        48605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           48605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                82921                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.179394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs           6573929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          112220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           58.580725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   511.179394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        13260078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       13260078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst      6461709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       6461709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst      6461709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        6461709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst      6461709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       6461709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       112220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       112220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       112220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       112220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       112220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       112220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst      6573929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6573929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst      6573929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      6573929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst      6573929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      6573929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.017070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.017070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.017070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       111708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          111708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               111708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   14749                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               14749                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14749                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14749    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14749                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1030806400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1030806400    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1030806400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13429     98.65%     98.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          148      1.09%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           36      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13613                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14749                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14749                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        13613                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13613                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        28362                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    5495589                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    13671                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   3319348                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    1078                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    617                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  207                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     293                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                5509260                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               3320426                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         8814937                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         14749                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     8829686                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   16873                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               16873                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16873                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16873    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16873                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1073514400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1073514400    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1073514400                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16560     99.65%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           58      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16618                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        16873                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16873                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        16618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33491                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   23824168                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    16873                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    249                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               23841041                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        23824168                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         16873                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    23841041                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               574                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          287                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   82211603110133.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1147680335662090.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           96     33.45%     33.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          139     48.43%     81.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.35%     82.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           51     17.77%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19449981655795500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           287                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   13883420257                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594730092608244                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21783770750316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    288                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  23838471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    27764372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts              12109907                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            25562465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               29567                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                   1037632                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      4091866                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   25562465                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      29567                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          34864494                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         20461014                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             32318                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            17915                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            7152384                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           7080105                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     8807367                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   5487886                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  3319481                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21783757932502.566406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             12817813.432446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         5377302                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 735      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                18884723     68.01%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  50812      0.18%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   11303      0.04%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   2133      0.01%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   4525      0.02%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   2940      0.01%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  2145      0.01%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                5487886     19.76%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               3319481     11.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 27766687                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         379.608345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           8827637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          268899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.828820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   379.608345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.741423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.741423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        17924173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       17924173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      5112629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5112629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      3149869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3149869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        79590                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        79590                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1937                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data       105150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       105150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data       101200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       101200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      8264435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        8264435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      8344025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       8344025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       205383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        45371                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        45371                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         4422                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4422                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        16764                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16764                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         4545                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4545                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       267518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       267518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       271940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       271940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      5318012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5318012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      3195240                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3195240                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        84012                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        84012                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        18701                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18701                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       105927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       105927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data       105745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      8531953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8531953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      8615965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8615965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.038620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.052635                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.052635                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.896423                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.896423                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.007335                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007335                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.042981                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042981                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.031355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       138897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          138897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               263709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.179391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          23840786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          195827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          121.744121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   511.179391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        47877399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       47877399                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     23644959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      23644959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     23644959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       23644959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     23644959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      23644959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       195827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       195827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       195827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       195827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       195827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       195827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     23840786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23840786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     23840786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     23840786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     23840786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     23840786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       195315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          195315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               195315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                    9256                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                9256                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9256                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9256    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9256                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -589363640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -589363640    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -589363640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7794     98.80%     98.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           77      0.98%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           18      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7889                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9256                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9256                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         7889                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7889                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17145                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                    3822668                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                     8644                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                   2206424                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     612                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    313                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  233                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     142                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                3831312                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses               2207036                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         6029092                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                          9256                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     6038348                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   10093                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               10093                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10093                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10093    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10093                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -589057640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -589057640    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -589057640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9919     99.74%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           26      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9945                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10093                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10093                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         9945                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9945                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20038                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                   17053735                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    10093                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses               17063828                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                        17053735                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         10093                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                    17063828                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               771                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          386                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   50389917100960.953125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  42000054051139.046875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           66     17.10%     17.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           91     23.58%     40.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.26%     40.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          228     59.07%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           386                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144235975057571                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 19450508000970928                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   60524694420720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    386                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                  17061663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                    19643951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts               8511794                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses            17887201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               25092                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    742803                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      3244786                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                   17887201                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      25092                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          24383140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes         14253228                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             30802                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            18394                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            5484762                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           5437965                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     6025157                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   3818597                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                  2206560                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             60524669223031.101562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             25197688.901132                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         4149841                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 853      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                13563964     69.04%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  35870      0.18%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                    6364      0.03%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   2529      0.01%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   5254      0.03%     69.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   3412      0.02%     69.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  2563      0.01%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                3818597     19.44%     88.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite               2206560     11.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                 19645968                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         339.359446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           6035871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          151269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.901573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891349206861000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   339.359446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.662811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.662811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        12223011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses       12223011                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data      3597502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3597502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data      2100965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2100965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        49577                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        49577                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1073                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1073                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        64410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        64410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        61277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        61277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      5699540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        5699540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      5749117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       5749117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       114636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       114636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data        29127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        29127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         2819                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2819                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data        10479                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10479                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          496                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          496                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         3510                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3510                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       154242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       154242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       157061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       157061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data      3712138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3712138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data      2130092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2130092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        52396                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        52396                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data        11552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        11552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        64906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        64906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        64787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        64787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      5853782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5853782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      5906178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5906178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.030881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.053802                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053802                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.907116                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.907116                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.007642                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007642                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.054178                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054178                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.026349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.026593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        75414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           75414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               143350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         422.071335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs          17063680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          123368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          138.315284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891349206856000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   422.071335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.824358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses        34250728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses       34250728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst     16940312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      16940312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst     16940312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       16940312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst     16940312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      16940312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       123368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       123368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       123368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       123368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       123368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       123368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst     17063680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17063680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst     17063680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     17063680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst     17063680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     17063680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.007230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.007230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.007230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       122856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          122856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               122856                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   16526                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               16526                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16526                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16526    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16526                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    998929600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     998929600    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    998929600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14255     98.81%     98.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          136      0.94%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           35      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14426                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        16526                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16526                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        14426                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14426                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        30952                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    6272672                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    15455                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   3500417                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    1071                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    633                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  196                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     261                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                6288127                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               3501488                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         9773089                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         16526                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     9789615                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   16657                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               16657                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16657                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16657    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16657                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    998299600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0     998299600    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total    998299600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        16363     99.65%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           57      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16420                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        16657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        16420                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16420                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   27477542                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    16657                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    316                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               27494199                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        27477542                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         16657                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    27494199                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               435                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          218                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   107955136501226.718750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1344374411296529                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           97     44.50%     44.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          117     53.67%     98.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.46%     98.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.38%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19449997655388500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           218                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60524218761075                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23534219757267424                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21783738751060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    218                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  27490737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    31567998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              15676620                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            28759188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               41273                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                   1082144                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      5288804                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   28759188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      41273                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          38972385                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         22884646                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             50367                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            29548                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            8980083                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           8888325                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     9765143                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   6264564                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  3500579                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21783724176997.082031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             14574062.918299                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         6643997                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                1367      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                21720130     68.80%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  51253      0.16%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   11279      0.04%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   4038      0.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   8444      0.03%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   5468      0.02%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  4097      0.01%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                6264564     19.84%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               3500579     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 31571223                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         383.421498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           9785859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          251482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.912761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807631487860000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   383.421498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.748870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.748870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        19825248                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       19825248                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      5900515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5900515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      3330000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3330000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        81128                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        81128                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1743                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1743                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data       107889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       107889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data       103852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       103852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      9232258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        9232258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      9313386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       9313386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       191188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        41182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        41182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         4089                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4089                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        17975                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17975                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         5084                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5084                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       250345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       250345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       254434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       254434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      6091703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6091703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      3371182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3371182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        85217                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        85217                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        19718                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19718                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       109103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       109103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data       108936                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       108936                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      9482603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9482603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      9567820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9567820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.031385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.047983                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.047983                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.911604                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.911604                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.011127                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011127                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.046670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.026400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.026593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       129870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          129870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               247862                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.686981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          27493962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          187039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          146.995878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807631487855000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   510.686981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        55174963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       55174963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     27306923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      27306923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     27306923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       27306923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     27306923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      27306923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       187039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       187039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       187039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       187039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       187039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       187039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     27493962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27493962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     27493962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     27493962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     27493962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     27493962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       186527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          186527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               186527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                    8746                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                8746                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8746                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8746    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8746                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1570685100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1570685100    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1570685100                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8347     98.19%     98.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           84      0.99%     99.18% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           70      0.82%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8501                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8746                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8746                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8501                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8501                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17247                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    3008460                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                     8174                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   2077884                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     572                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    282                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  242                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     141                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                3016634                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               2078456                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         5086344                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                          8746                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     5095090                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   12063                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               12063                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12063                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12063    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12063                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1523198600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1523198600    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1523198600                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11885     99.34%     99.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           79      0.66%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11964                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12063                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12063                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24027                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   13608212                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    12063                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               13620275                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        13608212                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         12063                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    13620275                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               661                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          331                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   71100383637894.906250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1091394752009766.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          226     68.28%     68.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          102     30.82%     99.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.91%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19450417647275500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           331                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60516991885282                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23534226984143216                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21782898767399                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    331                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  13619506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    15969691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts               4922278                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            14792797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               14706                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    689369                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      2085675                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   14792797                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      14706                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          21141232                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         11897221                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             15967                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             6717                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            3813219                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           3773622                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     5087195                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   3009304                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  2077891                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21782891395396.343750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             7372002.658211                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         2902743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 286      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                10844635     67.90%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  27818      0.17%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    5903      0.04%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    821      0.01%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   1738      0.01%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   1144      0.01%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   819      0.01%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                3009304     18.84%     86.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               2077891     13.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 15970361                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         356.481286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           5047279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          145084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.788667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807632061484500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   356.481286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.696253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.696253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10331028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10331028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      2797598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2797598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      1935968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1935968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        45064                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        45064                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1110                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1110                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        59824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        59824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        58316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        58316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      4734676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4734676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      4779740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4779740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       109071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       109071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        27319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         3529                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3529                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data         6811                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         6811                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          584                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          584                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         2018                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2018                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       143201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       143201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       146730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       146730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      2906669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2906669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      1963287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1963287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        48593                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        48593                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data         7921                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7921                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        60408                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        60408                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        60334                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        60334                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      4877877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4877877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      4926470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4926470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.037524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.013915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.072624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.072624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.859866                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.859866                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.009668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.033447                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.033447                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.029357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.029784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        74789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           74789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               141916                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.686969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          13620176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          182846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           74.489877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6807632061479500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   510.686969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.997435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        27423198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       27423198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     13437330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13437330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     13437330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13437330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     13437330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13437330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       182846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       182846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       182846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       182846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       182846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       182846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     13620176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13620176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     13620176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13620176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     13620176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13620176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.013425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.013425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.013425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       182334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          182334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               182334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  497404                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              497404                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       497404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        497404    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       497404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1873477196                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1873477196    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1873477196                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       488409     98.37%     98.37% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         7643      1.54%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          436      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       496488                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       497404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       497404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       496488                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       496488                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       993892                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   47457300                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   475008                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  39457860                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                   22396                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    578                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                16357                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     239                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               47932308                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              39480256                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        86915160                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        497404                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    87412564                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  904311                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              904311                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       904311                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        904311    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       904311                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1875750196                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1875750196    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1875750196                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       896339     99.14%     99.14% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         7805      0.86%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       904144                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       904311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       904311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       904144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       904144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1808455                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  230935791                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   904311                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    305                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              231840102                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       230935791                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        904311                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   231840102                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions             19320                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         9660                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2442505690188.994629                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  10502351846065.152344                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1521     15.75%     15.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7436     76.98%     92.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.01%     92.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.02%     92.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            3      0.03%     92.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          695      7.19%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          9660                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  139008802052                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594604967225688                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   60683734071280                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   9660                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 231807451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   277991300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              70181153                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           256645486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             4852041                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  17124178                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     32004495                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  256645486                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    4852041                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         364792823                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        202880681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           7053237                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          4305978                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads           53918662                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes          52328067                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    87257827                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  47795140                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 39462687                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             60683376552140.187500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             357519139.817087                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                        51774626                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass              209578      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               186130209     66.95%     67.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                 513480      0.18%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                  162600      0.06%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 702634      0.25%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                1503061      0.54%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 838312      0.30%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                706079      0.25%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               47795140     17.19%     85.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              39462687     14.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                278023784                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         456.836485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          87388351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3200292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.306368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   456.836485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.892259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       177976994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      177976994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     44115880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      44115880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     37899864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     37899864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       446251                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       446251                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data        66753                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        66753                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       783218                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       783218                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       745819                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       745819                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     82082497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       82082497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     82528748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      82528748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      2436934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2436934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       532925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       532925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data       104840                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       104840                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data       162549                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       162549                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data        28945                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        28945                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        64373                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        64373                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      3132408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      3132408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      3237248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      3237248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     46552814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46552814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     38432789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     38432789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       551091                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       551091                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data       229302                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       229302                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       812163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       812163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       810192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       810192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     85214905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85214905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     85765996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85765996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.052348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.013866                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013866                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.190241                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.190241                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.708886                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.708886                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.079454                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.079454                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.037745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1347878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total         1347878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              3105396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.158827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         231839935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         8497710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.282637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   511.158827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.998357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses       472177580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses      472177580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    223342225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     223342225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    223342225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      223342225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    223342225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     223342225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      8497710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      8497710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      8497710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      8497710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      8497710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      8497710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    231839935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    231839935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    231839935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    231839935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    231839935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    231839935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      8497198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         8497198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              8497198                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  899431                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              899431                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       899431                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        899431    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       899431                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       898503     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          877      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.00%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       899381                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       899431                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       899431                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       899381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       899381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1798812                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  315594978                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   789056                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 280316769                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                  110375                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                     22                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                36465                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                      15                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              316384034                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             280427144                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       595911747                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        899431                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   596811178                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 5505553                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             5505553                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      5505553                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       5505553    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      5505553                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      5489898     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        15619      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      5505517                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      5505553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      5505553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      5505517                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      5505517                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total     11011070                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 1452397032                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  5505553                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             1457902585                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      1452397032                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       5505553                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  1457902585                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            231518                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       115759                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203818870547.104797                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2472109707472.730957                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows       110909     95.81%     95.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         4068      3.51%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          782      0.68%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161967304                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total        115759                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  875340297588                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23593868635662304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   60683734177379                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                 115759                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                1457508860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1750289304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             184980095                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          1641791198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             3464652                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                 124819578                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    208105805                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 1641791198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    3464652                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        2336221748                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes       1263101385                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           3668994                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          2063570                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads          324153271                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         308610651                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   595737777                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 315520531                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                280217246                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             60681482874403.187500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             2251302975.813956                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       344976378                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               79549      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              1151951391     65.80%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                1376917      0.08%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  221656      0.01%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 237877      0.01%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 498334      0.03%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 318196      0.02%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                261253      0.01%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               43      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              315520531     18.02%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             280217246     16.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1750682993                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         498.955838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         596779513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        15166769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.347834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   498.955838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.974523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1208728867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1208728867                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    293679551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     293679551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    269955475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    269955475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      4416688                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      4416688                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       200847                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       200847                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      6500203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6500203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      6647197                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6647197                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    563835873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      563835873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    568252561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     568252561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data     10745380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10745380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      2721756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2721756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       792340                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       792340                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       795155                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       795155                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       236422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       236422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        88499                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        88499                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data     14262291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total     14262291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data     15054631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total     15054631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    304424931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    304424931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    272677231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    272677231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      5209028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      5209028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       996002                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       996002                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      6736625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6736625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      6735696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6735696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    578098164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    578098164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    583307192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    583307192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.009982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.152109                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.152109                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.798347                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.798347                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035095                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035095                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.013139                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013139                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7939340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         7939340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements             14953896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.953729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        1457902549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        54269128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.864308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.953729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2970074226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     2970074226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   1403633421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1403633421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   1403633421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     1403633421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   1403633421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    1403633421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     54269128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     54269128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     54269128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     54269128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     54269128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     54269128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   1457902549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1457902549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   1457902549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   1457902549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   1457902549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   1457902549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     54268616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        54268616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             54268616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   24039                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               24039                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        24039                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         24039    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        24039                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23006     98.27%     98.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          379      1.62%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           25      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23410                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        24039                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        24039                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        23410                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23410                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        47449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    3272923                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    22871                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   2513953                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    1168                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                     65                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  764                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      26                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                3295794                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               2515121                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                         5786876                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         24039                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                     5810915                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   47013                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               47013                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        47013                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         47013    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        47013                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        46602     99.23%     99.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          360      0.77%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        46962                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        47013                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        47013                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        46962                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        46962                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        93975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   15733880                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    47013                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10476                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      5                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               15780893                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        15733880                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         47013                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    15780893                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              1989                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          995                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   23713301130691.707031                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  616696640358065.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          301     30.25%     30.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          609     61.21%     91.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.10%     91.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           84      8.44%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19450441647068500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           995                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    9350990251                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23594734625038248                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21782850768477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    995                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  15778476                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    18700083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               4200691                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            17193949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              217579                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   1113100                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      2456970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   17193949                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     217579                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          24325695                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         13598557                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            314905                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           190834                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            4023354                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           3946857                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                     5801194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   3286891                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  2514303                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21782842135579.453125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             8632897.545040                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         3720687                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                9283      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                12685614     67.83%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  31414      0.17%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                    8863      0.05%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  31117      0.17%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  66548      0.36%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  37132      0.20%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 31284      0.17%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                3286891     17.57%     86.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               2514303     13.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 18702449                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         365.089442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs           5804617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          188713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           30.758967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   365.089442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.713065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        11805499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       11805499                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      3050316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3050316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      2407206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2407206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        38822                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        38822                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         2102                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2102                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        55117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        55117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        52321                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        52321                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      5459624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        5459624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data      5498446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       5498446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       141478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       141478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        33313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        33313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         6305                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6305                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        11407                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11407                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         4288                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4288                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       186198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       186198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       192503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       192503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      3191794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3191794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      2440519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2440519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        45127                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45127                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        13509                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13509                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        57059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        56609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data      5645822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5645822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      5690949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5690949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.044326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.139717                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.139717                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.844400                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.844400                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.034035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.075748                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075748                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.032980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.033826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        84579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           84579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               178446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.390416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          15780842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          469467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           33.614380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.390416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.998809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        32031151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       32031151                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     15311375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      15311375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     15311375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       15311375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     15311375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      15311375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       469467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       469467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       469467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       469467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       469467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       469467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     15780842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15780842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     15780842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     15780842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     15780842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     15780842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.029749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.029749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.029749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       468955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          468955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               468955                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                14407                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14407                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              544066                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             544066                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        20774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        44698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1116946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        20774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        34217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34240480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34240480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34274697                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.958975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6807621417231001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.958975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4825116                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4825116                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536124                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536124                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536108                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                15536.848501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   48094303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  3205725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                    15.002629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1427.247261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    11.339685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    10.410876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     750.578492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data     887.420092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    58.469799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    57.027704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst    2683.974296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    4824.948429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    42.313987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    51.043453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    2079.806573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    2367.477601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.483817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker     0.460929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst      83.363348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     200.482159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.087112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.045812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.054164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.003569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.163817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.294491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.126941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.144499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.005088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.012236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.948294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014160                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917847                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                100511613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses               100511613                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        20643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       117162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       516432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       900628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      1677140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      2962283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        38053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        63176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                6295517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3661881                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3661881                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     12672033                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total        12672033                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks            740                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                 740                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           2536                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           6428                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           1218                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data            777                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               10959                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          263                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          493                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1351                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data           25662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          185135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          469125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           24684                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               704606                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       533019                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst      5421333                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      9024348                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       233996                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          15212696                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       233006                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       946728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      2447969                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       139830                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3767533                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         2045                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data        56940                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data       169133                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         3799                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total           231917                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        20643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       117162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst             533019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data             258668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       516432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       900628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            5421333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data            1131863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      1677140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      2962283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            9024348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data            2917094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        38053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        63176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             233996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             164514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                25980352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        20643                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       117162                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst            533019                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data            258668                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       516432                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       900628                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           5421333                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data           1131863                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      1677140                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      2962283                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           9024348                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data           2917094                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        38053                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        63176                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            233996                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            164514                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               25980352                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         4979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         3868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                14583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        15465                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        20192                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        78664                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         2087                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total            116408                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         7392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        21571                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        87330                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         2889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          119182                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        555267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         61371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         57543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         21650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             695831                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        45266                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        85852                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst       207488                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        35848                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          374454                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       618161                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       153233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       433136                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        71409                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1275939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        13038                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       466652                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        34418                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        19322                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         533430                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            45266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          1173428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst            85852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data           214604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         4979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         3868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           207488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data           490679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            35848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data            93059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               2360807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          743                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          512                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           45266                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1173428                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          979                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           85852                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data          214604                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         4979                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         3868                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          207488                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data          490679                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          507                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          378                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           35848                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data           93059                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              2360807                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        21386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       117674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       519049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       901607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      1682119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      2966151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        38560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        63554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            6310100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3661881                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3661881                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     12672033                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total     12672033                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks          740                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total             740                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        18001                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        26620                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        79882                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         2864                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          127367                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         7681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        21834                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        87823                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        120533                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       580929                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       246506                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       526668                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        46334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1400437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       578285                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      5507185                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      9231836                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       269844                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      15587150                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       851167                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data      1099961                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      2881105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       211239                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5043472                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        15083                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       523592                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       203551                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        23121                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       765347                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        21386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       117674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         578285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        1432096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       519049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       901607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        5507185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        1346467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      1682119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      2966151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        9231836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        3407773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        38560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        63554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         269844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         257573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            28341159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        21386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       117674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst        578285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       1432096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       519049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       901607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       5507185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       1346467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      1682119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      2966151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       9231836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       3407773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        38560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        63554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        269844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        257573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           28341159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.005042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.013148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.002311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.859119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.758527                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.984753                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.728701                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.913957                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.962375                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.987955                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.994386                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.904225                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988791                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.955826                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.248964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.109259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.467259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.496867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.078276                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.015589                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.022475                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.132847                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.024023                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.726251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.139308                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.150337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.338048                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.252988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.864417                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.891251                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.169088                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.835690                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.696978                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.034742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.078276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.819378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.005042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.015589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.159383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.022475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.143988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.013148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.132847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.361292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.083300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.034742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.078276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.819378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.005042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.015589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.159383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.022475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.143988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.013148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.132847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.361292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.083300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1296486                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1296486                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       2643462                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                14326.830775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                   20271788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                  3727983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     5.437736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1962.793984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    12.720713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    10.998960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     430.418422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     259.937877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     125.305187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data     531.721679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    58.001300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    65.988186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst    3238.560863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    5870.741217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    11.457561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    12.523195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     689.613292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    1046.048230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.119799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.000776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.026271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.015865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.007648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.032454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.004028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.197666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.358322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.000764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.042091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.063846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.874440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010071                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 44699999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                44699999                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        16945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        38613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        17219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        22923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        19621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        37812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker      7208333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       131326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                7492792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1193198                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1193198                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1116834                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total         1116834                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data             25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data            107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            562                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           2889                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3583                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          183                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data            6360                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data            8653                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           13818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data          132038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total               160869                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       121107                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        80729                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       128455                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       915771                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1246062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data        35117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        52644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        80339                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data      1402753                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1570853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         1678                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          540                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         2455                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         6151                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total            10824                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        16945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        38613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             121107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data              41477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        17219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        22923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst              80729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data              61297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        19621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        37812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             128455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data              94157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker      7208333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       131326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             915771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data            1534791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                10470576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        16945                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        38613                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            121107                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data             41477                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        17219                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        22923                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst             80729                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data             61297                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        19621                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        37812                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            128455                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data             94157                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker      7208333                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       131326                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            915771                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data           1534791                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total               10470576                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker        59783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker         2099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                63483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         1827                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         1264                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         1829                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        12947                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17867                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         1355                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         2174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         3627                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         4856                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12012                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data          3650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data          9911                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         11258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        392157                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total             416976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        12444                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        13082                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        23297                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        78782                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          127605                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        14613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        30637                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        47345                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data      2792151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2884746                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         2349                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         9051                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        10794                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data       172166                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total         194360                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            12444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data            18263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst            13082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data            40548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            23297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data            58603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker        59783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            78782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data          3184308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total               3492810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          299                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           12444                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data           18263                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          278                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           13082                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data           40548                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          350                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          254                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           23297                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data           58603                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker        59783                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker         2099                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           78782                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data         3184308                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total              3492810                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        17244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        38818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        17434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        23201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        19971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        38066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker      7268116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       133425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total            7556275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1193198                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1193198                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1116834                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1116834                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         1852                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         1371                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        15836                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21450                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         1378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2273                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         3776                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         5039                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         12466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        10010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        18564                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        25076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       524195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           577845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       133551                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        93811                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       151752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       994553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1373667                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        49730                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        83281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       127684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data      4194904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4455599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data         4027                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         9591                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        13249                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data       178317                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       205184                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        17244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        38818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         133551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data          59740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        17434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        23201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst          93811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         101845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        19971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        38066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         151752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         152760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker      7268116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       133425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         994553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        4719099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total            13963386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        17244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        38818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        133551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data         59740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        17434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        23201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         93811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        101845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        19971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        38066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        151752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        152760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker      7268116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       133425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        994553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       4719099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total           13963386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.017339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.012332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.011982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.017525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.008225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.015732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.986501                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.921955                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.764952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.817568                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.832960                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.983309                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.956445                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.960540                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.963683                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963581                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.364635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.533883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.448955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.748113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.721605                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.093178                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.139451                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.153520                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.079213                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.092894                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.293847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.367875                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.370798                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.665605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.647443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.583313                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.943697                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.814703                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.965505                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.947247                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.017339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.093178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.305708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.012332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.139451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.398134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.017525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.153520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.383628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.008225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.015732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.079213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.674770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.250141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.017339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.093178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.305708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.012332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.139451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.398134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.017525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.153520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.383628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.008225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.015732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.079213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.674770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.250141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              688242                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   688242                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                       3654531                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                15004.073733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                    2833087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                   426933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     6.635905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2914.862696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker     8.686969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    11.869294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     394.182452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     633.583359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    52.971318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    31.033050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    2398.178712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    4562.872667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     3.297482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     9.892224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     614.085219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    1580.772385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker     8.774936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    17.318552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     653.855620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    1107.836799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.177909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.000530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.024059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.038671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.003233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.001894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.146373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.278496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.037481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.096483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.000536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.039908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.067617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.915776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008423                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.911316                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                  6183649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                 6183649                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         4613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        21752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        35536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        47244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        17504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        26981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        34615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        45132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                 233377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       392786                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total          392786                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       520348                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          520348                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data             63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data            594                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            975                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           1500                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3132                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data            6510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data           21742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data           11178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           20406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total                59836                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst        96833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       166646                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       106587                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       159970                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            530036                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        40010                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       133693                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        72191                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       125522                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           371416                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1111                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         2832                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         1041                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         3076                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             8060                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         4613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        21752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst              96833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data              46520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        35536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        47244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             166646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data             155435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        17504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        26981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             106587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data              83369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        34615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        45132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             159970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             145928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                 1194665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         4613                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        21752                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst             96833                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data             46520                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        35536                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        47244                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            166646                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data            155435                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        17504                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        26981                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            106587                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data             83369                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        34615                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        45132                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            159970                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            145928                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                1194665                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                 2865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         3013                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         3104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         5273                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         2615                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14005                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2035                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         3724                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         3219                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         4590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         10263                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         19773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         11610                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         16538                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total              58184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        15387                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        29181                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        16781                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        27069                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           88418                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        24645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        75605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data        45250                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        69907                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         215407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data         3755                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        13914                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         9408                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        14852                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          41929                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            15387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data            34908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            29181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data            95378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            16781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data            56860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            27069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data            86445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total                364874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          235                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           15387                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data           34908                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          558                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          448                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           29181                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data           95378                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          278                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           16781                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data           56860                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          539                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           27069                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data           86445                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total               364874                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         4848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        21967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        36094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        47692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        17782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        27209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        35154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        45496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             236242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       392786                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392786                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       520348                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       520348                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         3076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3698                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         6248                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         4053                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3384                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4876                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         14519                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        16773                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        41515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data        22788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        36944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total           118020                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       112220                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       195827                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       123368                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       187039                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        618454                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        64655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       209298                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       117441                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       195429                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       586823                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data         4866                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        16746                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data        10449                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        17928                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        49989                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         4848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        21967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         112220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data          81428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        36094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        47692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         195827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         250813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        17782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        27209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         123368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         140229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        35154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        45496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         187039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         232373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total             1559539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         4848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        21967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        112220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data         81428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        36094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        47692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        195827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        250813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        17782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        27209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        123368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        140229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        35154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        45496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        187039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        232373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total            1559539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.048474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.015333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.012127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.979519                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.839373                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.843950                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.635480                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.817238                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.922484                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.918826                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.951241                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.941345                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.934500                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.611876                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.476286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.509479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.447650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.493001                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.137115                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.149014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.136024                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.144724                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142966                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.381177                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.361231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.385300                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.357710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.367073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.771681                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.830885                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.900373                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.828425                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.838765                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.048474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.137115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.428698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.149014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.380275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.136024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.405480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.015333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.144724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.372010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.233963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.048474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.137115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.428698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.149014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.380275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.015634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.136024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.405480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.015333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.144724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.372010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.233963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks              115329                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                   115329                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                        367911                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                15672.937516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                  175215014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  5411019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    32.381149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2606.297467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.074153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     0.895862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst      92.339325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     186.834894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    96.419515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   113.151816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    3120.779297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    3973.148976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    29.143776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    36.568810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    1906.301877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    3260.605027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker     3.079857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker     4.572733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst     100.911898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data     141.812234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.159076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.005636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.011403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.005885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.190477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.242502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.116351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.199012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.000188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.006159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.008656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.956600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.018799                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.942627                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                356616497                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses               356616497                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        24369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        35108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1464051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2686396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2606581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     16436008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        66860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       138996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total               23458369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      9446586                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9446586                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     52942222                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total        52942222                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data             80                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          13670                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           8381                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           1247                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total               23378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data        12497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data         6248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          671                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             19549                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           12899                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          414607                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         2348514                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           22092                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total              2798112                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       162094                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      8146427                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     52838644                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       444648                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          61591813                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        74572                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data      2086541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data     10597888                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       117487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         12876488                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data          713                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data       142776                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       626290                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         8064                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           777843                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        24369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        35108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             162094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data              87471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1464051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2686396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            8146427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data            2501148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2606581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     16436008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst           52838644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data           12946402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        66860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       138996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             444648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             139579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total               100724782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        24369                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        35108                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            162094                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data             87471                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1464051                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2686396                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           8146427                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data           2501148                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2606581                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     16436008                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          52838644                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data          12946402                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        66860                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       138996                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            444648                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            139579                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total              100724782                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         9548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        15095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        90527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        64785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total               182539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         2088                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        30785                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        91123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         2949                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total            126945                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         1728                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        22290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        61957                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         1701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87676                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         12193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         48028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        251112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data          5066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             316399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        20752                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst       351283                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst      1430484                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        24819                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1827338                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        38144                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       360265                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data      1062378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        23578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1484365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         6098                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        19773                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data       167732                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         3343                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total         196946                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            20752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data            50337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        15095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           351283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data           408293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        90527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        64785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          1430484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data          1313490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            24819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data            28644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               3810641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          389                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          297                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           20752                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data           50337                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         9548                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        15095                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          351283                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data          408293                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        90527                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        64785                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         1430484                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data         1313490                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          852                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           24819                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data           28644                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              3810641                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        24758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        35405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1473599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2701491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2697108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     16500793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        67712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       140042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total           23640908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      9446586                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      9446586                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     52942222                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total     52942222                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        44455                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        99504                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         4196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          150323                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         1861                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        34787                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        68205                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         2372                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        107225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        25092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       462635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2599626                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        27158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3114511                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       182846                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      8497710                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     54269128                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       469467                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      63419151                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       112716                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      2446806                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     11660266                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       141065                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     14360853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data         6811                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data       162549                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       794022                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        11407                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       974789                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        24758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        35405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         182846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         137808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1473599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2701491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        8497710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        2909441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2697108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     16500793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       54269128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       14259892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        67712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       140042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         469467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         168223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total           104535423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        24758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        35405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        182846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        137808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1473599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2701491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       8497710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       2909441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2697108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     16500793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      54269128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      14259892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        67712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       140042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        469467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        168223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total          104535423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.008389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.005588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.012583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.963100                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.692498                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.915772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.702812                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.844482                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.928533                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.640757                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.908394                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.717116                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.817682                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.485932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.103814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.096595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.186538                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.101589                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.113494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.041339                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.026359                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.052866                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.028814                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.338408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.147239                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.091111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.167143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.103362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.895316                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.121643                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.211244                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.293066                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.202040                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.008389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.113494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.365269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.041339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.140334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.026359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.092111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.012583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.052866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.170274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.036453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.015712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.008389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.113494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.365269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.041339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.140334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.026359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.092111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.012583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.052866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.170274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.036453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              807377                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   807377                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       4325561                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      22560395                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10060394                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4347408                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               67922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            8612988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              47644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             47644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3440218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6971851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           346121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         289194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          527145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1468145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1467908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8545066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1499800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1499465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        17728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        76384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8737080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total      8831192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11029566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total     11047132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1212172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total      1218398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        98036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12012805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total     12126033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34831111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34310912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34310912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    233802176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    233968326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        14540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    267432576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total    267453122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30624128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total     30634483                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13962                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       196072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    294834496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    295044530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               861411373                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12263892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.497446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.859140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8379798     68.33%     68.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2444213     19.93%     88.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  663235      5.41%     93.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  776646      6.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12263892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     46048531                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     20762997                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      5896918                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        851438                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       586840                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       264598                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           6442823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         27165712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            16406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           16406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3661881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     15585104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean            740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        3462655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         134376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       123697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        258073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1402868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1402868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     15587152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5135737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         7360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         7360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       765515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       765515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1734343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      4445822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       240472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        73842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     16521043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      5772077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1806584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1113918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     27694999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     11277295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      5949306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      3401148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       809023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       863300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       139910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        99166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             81942248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     73987712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    138067239                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       961888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       295368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    704886912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    165988673                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      7226336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      4455672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side   1181642368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    322525448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     23797224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     13604592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     34507392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     26463254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       559640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       396664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            2699366382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        5250819                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 82975104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        34600578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.262530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.752735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              30024518     86.77%     86.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               1931247      5.58%     92.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                864561      2.50%     94.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3               1697679      4.91%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 82573      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          34600578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13363975                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6516657                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       534382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        472233                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       236147                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       236086                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq           7600126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         13434302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             4330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            4330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1193198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1371619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        4021432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          21985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        13168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         35153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          578029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         578029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1373667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4460509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         5504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         5504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       205276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       205276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       400141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       200764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        78026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        35270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       280921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       342139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        48178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        38186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       454744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       512417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        82372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        51430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2983147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     14745818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       272672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side     14585212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             35111437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     17061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      5727578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       312104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       141080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     11975040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     10215486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       192712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       152744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     19391488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     15271662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       329488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       205720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    127270016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    367636924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1090688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side     58340848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             635315338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        5192580                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                 44047488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples        19388859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.088974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.459598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0              18484564     95.34%     95.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                440908      2.27%     97.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                189686      0.98%     98.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                189981      0.98%     99.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 83720      0.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total          19388859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2861344                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1391703                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       217262                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        357235                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       125079                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       232156                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            282584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          1491487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             1215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            1215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       392786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       616406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         345056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          17465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         32921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          118207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         118207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       618454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       590449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        50084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        50084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       336148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       273845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        45624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        12422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       586969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       819441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       101114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        87974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       369592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       467396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        60502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        55252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       560605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       772084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        99824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        98660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total              4747452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     14331392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      8375475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       182496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        49688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     25033088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     25028548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       404456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       351896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     15758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     13841008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       242008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       221008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     23908224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     23257612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       399296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       394640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             151779171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                        1666648                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                  7381056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         3327025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.362529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.920229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               2745728     82.53%     82.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                255429      7.68%     90.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                127327      3.83%     94.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                 98105      2.95%     96.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                100436      3.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           3327025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests    168565363                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     80782821                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     18008500                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       1602180                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1356868                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       245312                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30341867030809500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq          23692633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp        101719554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            25693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           25693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      9446586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     63417103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        8933068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         193865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       159178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        353043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         3121448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        3121448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     63419151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     14607770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        51072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        51072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       975922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       975922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       548026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       535552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        72216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        52004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     25492618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      9812482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5410250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      2967344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    162806872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     45776170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     33002078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5394818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1407889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       587188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       281358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       143356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total            294290221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     23371520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     13639597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       288864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       208016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1087674112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    280786116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     21641000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     11869376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   6946415616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1428266932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side    132008312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     21579272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     60059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     16768845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1125432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       573424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total           10046275442                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        5630163                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 51672128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples       111590702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.246923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.641195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              93203569     83.52%     83.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1              12564695     11.26%     94.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2               2529581      2.27%     97.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3               3240924      2.90%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 51933      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total         111590702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
