
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               5443.700268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5443700267886500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12190823322667500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2249890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2527362                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           904331358022                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5046592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6019.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13543407729                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15213674703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker       158400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        87232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       5867456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      80415168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        98880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        20544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       1880320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       7831040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        60160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       4308736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       9369408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2014592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       7399936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       111424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       3650176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data      11811648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker       112320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        39744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       1778304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       7833536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        81984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        38592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       2284352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       8145792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        80704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        17088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1754112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       6358528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        60416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        22208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       2655232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       6899712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        64576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       2459072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       7381696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker      3317952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        92352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       4400192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data     175640960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        67008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        29824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       2273472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       6436608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        46144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1141760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       5616128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       112576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        36032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       2839104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       5037696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1350976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      1026240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      17620672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      21364416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       100672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        38400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       2502528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       6505984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          441099072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      5867456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      1880320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      4308736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2014592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      3650176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      1778304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      2284352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1754112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      2655232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      2459072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      4400192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      2273472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1141760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      2839104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     17620672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      2502528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      59430080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    204046208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       204046208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         2475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          91679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1256487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          29380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         122360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         2572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          67324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         146397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          31478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         115624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         1741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          57034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         184557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         1755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          27786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         122399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker         1281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          35693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data         127278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker         1261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          27408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          99352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          41488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data         107808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker         1009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          38423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data         115339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker        51843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker         1443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          68753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data        2744390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker         1047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          35523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data         100572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          17840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          87752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         1759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          44361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          78714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        21109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        16035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         275323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         333819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         1573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          39102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         101656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6892173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3188222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3188222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           29                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            14772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             1439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data             1721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             1359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data             2170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker           21                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data             1439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data             1496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data             1168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data             1267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data             1356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker          610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data            32265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data             1182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data             1032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           21                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             3925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data             1195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 81029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          322                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            10917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           37483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                37483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           37483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           29                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           14772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            1439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data            1721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            1359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data            2170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker           21                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data            1439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data            1496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data            1168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data            1267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data            1356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker          610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data           32265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data            1182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data            1032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           21                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            3925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data            1195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               118512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         888411883719065.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           888411883719065.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 12190823322667500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         888411883719065.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           888411883719065.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 12190823322667500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         888411883719065.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           888411883719065.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 12190823322667500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         888411883719065.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           888411883719065.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 12190823322667500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                  119880                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong              119880                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       119880                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        119880    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       119880                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       117038     98.79%     98.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1069      0.90%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          368      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       118475                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       119880                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       119880                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       118475                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       118475                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       238355                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   56893222                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   109781                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  55667711                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   10099                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                   2970                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2241                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     825                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               57003003                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              55677810                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                       112560933                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                        119880                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                   112680813                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  150726                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              150726                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       150726                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        150726    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       150726                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       149342     99.27%     99.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1096      0.73%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       150438                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       150726                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       150726                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       150438                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       150438                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       301164                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  819071297                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   150726                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                   2383                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              819222023                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       819071297                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        150726                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   819222023                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              8243                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4122                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1320532807292.851074                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7866482181232.721680                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1044     25.33%     25.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2905     70.48%     95.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.02%     95.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.05%     95.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     95.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.02%     95.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     95.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.02%     95.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.02%     96.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.02%     96.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          164      3.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4122                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  464036225368                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443236231661132                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   24381646648298                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   4122                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 819213704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   928066732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts             761347108                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           834004891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              600161                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  36320021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts    104366102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  834004891                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     600161                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        1250276994                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        634610320                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            827026                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes           460999                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads         2481728827                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         618868058                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                   122524245                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  66825317                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 55698928                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             24379568288638.515625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             2078359659.487405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                       136610688                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               22363      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               797421393     85.92%     85.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                7652518      0.82%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   54034      0.01%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    8      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                  74037      0.01%     86.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     86.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                 158081      0.02%     86.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                  89452      0.01%     86.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                 74492      0.01%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     86.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               66825317      7.20%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              55698912      6.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                928074763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         476.867402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs         112662658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2863167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.348965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   476.867402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.931382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       228188611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      228188611                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     54583583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      54583583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     54402830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     54402830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       187769                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       187769                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data        11801                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        11801                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       281577                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       281577                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       255322                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       255322                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data    108998214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total      108998214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data    109185983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total     109185983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      1905675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1905675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       909453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       909453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        28199                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        28199                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        61124                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        61124                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         5306                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5306                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        30019                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        30019                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      2876252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      2876252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      2904451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      2904451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     56489258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56489258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     55312283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     55312283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       215968                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       215968                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        72925                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        72925                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       286883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       286883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       285341                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       285341                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data    111874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total    111874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data    112090434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total    112090434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.033735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.016442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.130570                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.130570                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.838176                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.838176                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.018495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.105204                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105204                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.025710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.025912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1643328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1643328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              2797482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         819221735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1588611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          515.684290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1640032081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     1640032081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    817633124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     817633124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    817633124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      817633124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    817633124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     817633124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      1588611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1588611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      1588611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      1588611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      1588611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      1588611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    819221735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    819221735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    819221735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    819221735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    819221735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    819221735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1588099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         1588099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              1588099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   38310                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               38310                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38310    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36552     99.48%     99.48% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          113      0.31%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           77      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36742                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        38310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        36742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        75052                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                   43303752                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    32542                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  42949827                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    5768                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    488                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  183                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     153                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses               43336294                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              42955595                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                        86253579                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         38310                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                    86291889                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   21748                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               21748                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        21748                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         21748    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        21748                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        21545     99.81%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           42      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        21587                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        21748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        21748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        21587                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        21587                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        43335                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  790883332                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    21748                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    366                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              790905080                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       790883332                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         21748                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   790905080                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              4400                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2200                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2474208323878.849121                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  49534279502333.601562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          703     31.95%     31.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1466     66.64%     98.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.05%     98.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           30      1.36%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1879183450281000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2200                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  441955353032                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443258312533468                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8289468650042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   2201                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 790901765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   883908858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             772570740                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           792436852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               70900                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  33274478                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts     98667522                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  792436852                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      70900                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        1192856075                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        603537507                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             72032                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             9780                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2564987397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         639225816                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                    96348706                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  53366797                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 42981909                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8288795656514.915039                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             672993527.084727                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000081                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999919                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       127392344                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 388      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               779673459     88.21%     88.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                7861264      0.89%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   17801      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   1127      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   2389      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   1552      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  1118      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead               53366797      6.04%     95.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              42981893      4.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                883912012                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.176556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs          86283507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1086770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.394451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   395.176556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.771829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.771829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       173658520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      173658520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data     42315208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42315208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     42588523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42588523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        73208                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        73208                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         1099                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1099                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        97703                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        97703                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        83171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        83171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data     84904830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       84904830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data     84978038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      84978038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       835868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       835868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       240442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       240442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         9508                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9508                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        23004                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        23004                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         1304                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1304                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        14469                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14469                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1099314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1099314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1108822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1108822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data     43151076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43151076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     42828965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42828965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        82716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        82716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        24103                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        24103                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        99007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        99007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        97640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        97640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data     86004144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86004144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data     86086860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86086860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.019371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.005614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.114948                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.114948                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.954404                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.954404                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013171                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013171                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.148187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.148187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       822695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          822695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1056171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.588770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         790904919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          390295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         2026.428519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.588770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1582200133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1582200133                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    790514624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     790514624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    790514624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      790514624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    790514624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     790514624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       390295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       390295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       390295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       390295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       390295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       390295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    790904919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    790904919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    790904919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    790904919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    790904919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    790904919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       389783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          389783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               389783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  133317                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              133317                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       133317                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        133317    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       133317                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -936556152                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -936556152    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -936556152                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       129479     98.58%     98.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1465      1.12%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          396      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       131340                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       133317                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       133317                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       131340                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       131340                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       264657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   49998094                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   119640                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  50373907                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                   13677                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    562                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                 3036                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     116                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               50117734                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              50387584                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       100372001                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        133317                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   100505318                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  198222                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              198222                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       198222                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        198222    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       198222                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -936250152                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -936250152    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -936250152                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       196362     99.19%     99.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1602      0.81%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       197964                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       198222                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       198222                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       197964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       197964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       396186                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                  816733588                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   198222                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    563                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses              816931810                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                       816733588                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        198222                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                   816931810                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              7265                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3633                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1198528304108.582275                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  22286660107760.675781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          867     23.86%     23.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2660     73.22%     97.08% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.06%     97.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.03%     97.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.03%     97.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          102      2.81%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1294025977691000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3633                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1089446939060021                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4354253328826479                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21793594693586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   3633                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 816922101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   917968038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts             763659066                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           823881953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              951865                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  36337125                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    102405122                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  823881953                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     951865                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        1241814948                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        626774637                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads           1348851                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes           781153                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         2529077465                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes         629182084                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   111526896                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  61112736                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 50414160                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21791757158456.609375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             1837535129.391333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000084                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999916                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       134678219                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               37973      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu               797863076     86.92%     86.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                7823191      0.85%     87.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   43163      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     7      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     3      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                 127402      0.01%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                 271793      0.03%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                 151892      0.02%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                127864      0.01%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4218      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               61112736      6.66%     94.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              50414128      5.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                917977489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         348.870483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         100477880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1795926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           55.947673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836111006211500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   348.870483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.681388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.681388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       202777812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      202777812                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     48356979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      48356979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     49607241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     49607241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       165825                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       165825                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         7232                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         7232                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       249805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       249805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       226253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       226253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data     97971452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       97971452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data     98137277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      98137277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      1300497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1300497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       358403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       358403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        32137                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        32137                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       141012                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       141012                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         5187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        27252                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        27252                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      1799912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      1799912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      1832049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      1832049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     49657476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49657476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     49965644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     49965644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       197962                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       197962                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       148244                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       148244                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       254992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       254992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       253505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       253505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data     99771364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     99771364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data     99969326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     99969326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.026189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.007173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.162339                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.162339                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.951216                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.951216                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.020342                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020342                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.107501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.107501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.018040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.018326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1221546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1221546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              1741948                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         409.576678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         816931552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1973874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          413.872188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836111006206500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   409.576678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.799954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1635836978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     1635836978                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst    814957678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     814957678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst    814957678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      814957678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst    814957678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     814957678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      1973874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1973874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      1973874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      1973874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      1973874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      1973874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst    816931552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    816931552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst    816931552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    816931552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst    816931552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    816931552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1973362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         1973362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              1973362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   34650                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               34650                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        34650                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         34650    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        34650                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1277885348                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1277885348    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1277885348                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        33425     99.44%     99.44% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          107      0.32%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           81      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        33613                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        34650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        34650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        33613                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        33613                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        68263                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                   45108679                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    28926                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  45105271                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    5724                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                   1060                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  419                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     229                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses               45137605                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              45110995                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        90213950                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         34650                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    90248600                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   25707                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               25707                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        25707                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         25707    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        25707                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1223679848                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1223679848    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1223679848                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        25477     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           83      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        25560                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        25707                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        25707                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        25560                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        25560                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        51267                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  830077804                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    25707                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    993                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              830103511                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       830077804                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         25707                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   830103511                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              4060                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2029                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2682718911459.555664                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  31069680892068.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          595     29.32%     29.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1371     67.57%     96.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.05%     96.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.05%     96.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.05%     97.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           60      2.96%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1088990163191000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2029                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  463596535062                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443236671351438                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   24353567074029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   2032                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 830100444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   927191365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             810817352                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           831288600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses              109409                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  34868121                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    103067906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  831288600                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                     109409                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        1256357744                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        631707403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            120081                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            40920                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2690346346                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         663441682                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   100766732                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  55628541                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 45138191                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             24351493075000.253906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             2073999028.746595                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       133363592                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                1774      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               818224332     88.25%     88.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                8147855      0.88%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   19733      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   5486      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  11436      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   7096      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  5629      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4210      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead               55628541      6.00%     95.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              45138175      4.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                927194285                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         339.840658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          90241529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1134010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.577366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   339.840658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.663751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.663751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       181617580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      181617580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data     44075726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      44075726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     44725133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     44725133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        71284                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        71284                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         1039                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1039                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       102269                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       102269                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        86220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        86220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     88801898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       88801898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     88873182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      88873182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       871294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       871294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       252596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       252596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        12323                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12323                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        25917                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25917                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1419                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1419                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data        16309                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16309                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1149807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1149807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1162130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1162130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data     44947020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44947020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     44977729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     44977729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        83607                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        83607                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        26956                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26956                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       103688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       103688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       102529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       102529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     89951705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     89951705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     90035312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     90035312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.019385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.147392                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.147392                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.961456                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.961456                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013685                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013685                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.159067                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.159067                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       850039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          850039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1097826                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         447.985294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         830103364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          439674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         1887.997389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   447.985294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1660646402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1660646402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    829663690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     829663690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    829663690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      829663690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    829663690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     829663690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       439674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       439674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       439674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       439674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       439674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       439674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    830103364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    830103364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    830103364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    830103364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    830103364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    830103364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       439162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          439162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               439162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   79007                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               79007                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        79007                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         79007    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        79007                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        76836     98.86%     98.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          717      0.92%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          172      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        77725                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        79007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        79007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        77725                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        77725                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       156732                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   50023330                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    71399                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  48370072                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    7608                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    749                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1290                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     294                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               50094729                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              48377680                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        98393402                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         79007                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    98472409                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   89196                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               89196                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        89196                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         89196    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        89196                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        88416     99.38%     99.38% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          556      0.62%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        88972                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        89196                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        89196                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        88972                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        88972                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       178168                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  830842411                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    89196                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    408                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              830931607                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       830842411                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         89196                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   830931607                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              6146                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3073                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1771309598561.984375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  42061680793741.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          919     29.91%     29.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2100     68.34%     98.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     98.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.03%     98.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           52      1.69%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1905169202465000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3073                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  465871505522                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443234396380978                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21793594696015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   3074                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 830925955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   931739377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts             800713004                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           835937459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              458516                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                  35836271                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts    104547053                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  835937459                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     458516                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        1259852999                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        634275726                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            624129                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           346691                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads         2626799589                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes         649572297                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                   108831976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  60426821                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 48405155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21791729601675.820312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             1865094339.180932                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000086                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999914                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                       135948493                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               16623      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               814637571     87.43%     87.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                7923075      0.85%     88.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   36835      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  55112      0.01%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 117925      0.01%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  66492      0.01%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 54984      0.01%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               60426821      6.49%     94.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              48405123      5.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                931744805                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         400.581818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          98464284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1451860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           67.819407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   400.581818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.782386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.782386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       198382348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      198382348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     48649426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      48649426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     47848246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47848246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       114999                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       114999                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         4046                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4046                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       182096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       161990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       161990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     96501718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       96501718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     96616717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      96616717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data      1124387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1124387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       295006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       295006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        16720                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16720                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        42963                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        42963                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         3039                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3039                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        21366                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        21366                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      1462356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      1462356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1479076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1479076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     49773813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49773813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     48143252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48143252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       131719                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       131719                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        47009                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        47009                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       185135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       185135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       183356                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       183356                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     97964074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     97964074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     98095793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     98095793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.022590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.006128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.126937                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.126937                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.913931                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.913931                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.016415                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016415                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.116527                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.116527                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.015078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       980960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          980960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1414997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.588499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         830931383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          977116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          850.391748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.588499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1662839882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     1662839882                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    829954267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     829954267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    829954267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      829954267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    829954267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     829954267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       977116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       977116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       977116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       977116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       977116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       977116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    830931383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    830931383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    830931383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    830931383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    830931383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    830931383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.001176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.001176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.001176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       976604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          976604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               976604                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   43453                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               43453                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43453                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43453    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43453                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -272093540                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -272093540    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -272093540                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40963     99.31%     99.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          127      0.31%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          156      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41246                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43453                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43453                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41246                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41246                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        84699                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   43603588                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    38258                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  42811535                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    5195                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    641                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  200                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     222                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               43641846                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              42816730                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        86415123                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         43453                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    86458576                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   33559                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               33559                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        33559                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         33559    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        33559                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -272098540                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -272098540    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -272098540                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        33309     99.88%     99.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           39      0.12%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        33348                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        33559                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        33559                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        33348                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        33348                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        66907                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  778910810                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    33559                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    451                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              778944369                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       778910810                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         33559                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   778944369                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              4509                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2255                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1930937037028.350342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  53858404827473.039062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          679     30.11%     30.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1569     69.58%     99.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     99.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            6      0.27%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1905201283668500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2255                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1089437249387570                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4354263018498930                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21793594696367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   2255                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 778940143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   871386093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts             759224008                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           780374900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               77733                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  33044677                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     98557020                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  780374900                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      77733                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads        1177648886                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        592252025                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             79682                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            12851                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads         2518594825                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes         621722049                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    96404496                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  53561790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 42842706                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21791850414639.902344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             1744281727.099158                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000080                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999920                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                       127128041                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 525      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               767221570     88.05%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                7732185      0.89%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   18734      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   1544      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                   3231      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   2100      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  1517      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               53561790      6.15%     95.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              42842690      4.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                871390108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         315.983290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          86452276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1134567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           76.198476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836124609785500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   315.983290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.617155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.617155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       174039247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      174039247                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     42570144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42570144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     42419283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42419283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        83012                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        83012                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         1291                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1291                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data       107885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       107885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        93727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        93727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     84990718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       84990718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     85073730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      85073730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       865906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       865906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       260531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       260531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         9123                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9123                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        25510                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25510                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         1565                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1565                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data        14299                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14299                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data      1151947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total      1151947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data      1161070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total      1161070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     43436050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43436050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     42679814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42679814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        92135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        92135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        26801                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26801                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       109450                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       109450                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data       108026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       108026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     86142665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86142665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     86234800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86234800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.019935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.099018                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.099018                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.951830                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.951830                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014299                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014299                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.132366                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.132366                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       839312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          839312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements              1099119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         409.575402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         778944158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          417527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs         1865.613860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836124609780500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   409.575402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.799952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1558305843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     1558305843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    778526631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     778526631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    778526631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      778526631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    778526631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     778526631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       417527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       417527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       417527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       417527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       417527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       417527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    778944158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    778944158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    778944158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    778944158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    778944158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    778944158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       417015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          417015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               417015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   51975                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               51975                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        51975                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         51975    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        51975                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2111207448                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -2111207448    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -2111207448                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49848     99.18%     99.18% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          173      0.34%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          238      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        50259                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        51975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        51975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        50259                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        50259                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       102234                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                   45803051                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    44835                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  44679290                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    7140                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    659                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  276                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     233                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses               45847886                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              44686430                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        90482341                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         51975                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    90534316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   27853                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               27853                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        27853                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         27853    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        27853                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   2127776348                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    2127776348    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   2127776348                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        27578     99.80%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           54      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        27632                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        27853                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        27853                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        27632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        27632                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        55485                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  813841553                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    27853                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    425                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              813869406                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       813841553                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         27853                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   813869406                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              4268                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2134                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2550724261716.613281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  53629123803323.023438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          692     32.43%     32.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1420     66.54%     98.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.05%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           21      0.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1879202167477000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2134                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  454693383247                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443245574503253                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   24353567076163                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                   2135                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 813865356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   909384105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             793106957                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           815670110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               94774                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  34031888                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts    101663456                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  815670110                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      94774                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads        1226853630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        621608695                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            101460                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            29724                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads         2614615793                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         652834022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                   100731116                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  56019659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 44711457                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             24351532907303.671875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             2034168859.329363                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000084                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999916                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       131172632                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                1314      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               800643748     88.04%     88.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                7964538      0.88%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   22278      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   3773      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   7858      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   5256      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  3907      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4142      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead               56019659      6.16%     95.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              44711441      4.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                909387934                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         334.605627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          90527155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1249300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           72.462303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   334.605627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.653527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.653527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.748047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       182303994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      182303994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data     44617860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      44617860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     44269364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     44269364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        91199                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        91199                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1717                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1717                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       132961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       132961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data       114273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       114273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     88888941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       88888941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     88980140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      88980140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       988985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       988985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       249790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data        11890                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11890                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        28763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        28763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         1522                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1522                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data        18831                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        18831                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data      1267538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      1267538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data      1279428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      1279428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data     45606845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45606845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     44519154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     44519154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data       103089                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       103089                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        30480                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        30480                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       134483                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       134483                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       133104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       133104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     90156479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     90156479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     90259568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     90259568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.021685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.115337                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.115337                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.943668                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.943668                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011317                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011317                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.141476                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.141476                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       902660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          902660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements              1207708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         447.985241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         813869185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          449390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs         1811.053172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   447.985241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1628187760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     1628187760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    813419795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     813419795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    813419795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      813419795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    813419795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     813419795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       449390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       449390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       449390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       449390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       449390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       449390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    813869185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    813869185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    813869185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    813869185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    813869185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    813869185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       448878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          448878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               448878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   42224                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               42224                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42224                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42224    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42224                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     92191052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      92191052    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     92191052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40899     99.30%     99.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          112      0.27%     99.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          177      0.43%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41188                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        42224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41188                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41188                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        83412                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                   42963429                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    36577                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  42803523                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    5647                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    533                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  190                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     143                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses               43000006                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              42809170                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        85766952                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         42224                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    85809176                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   32167                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               32167                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32167                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32167    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32167                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31982     99.87%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           43      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32025                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        32167                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32167                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        32025                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32025                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        64192                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  784935108                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    32167                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    394                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              784967275                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       784935108                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         32167                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   784967275                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              5487                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2744                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1983695887247.454102                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  11606664951417.033203                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          977     35.60%     35.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1672     60.93%     96.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.04%     96.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           94      3.43%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2744                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  438753279486                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443261514607014                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   24254240053551                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   2744                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 784964437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   877505407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             766200791                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           786793312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               71551                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  33130795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts     97654810                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  786793312                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      71551                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads        1184486149                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        598855363                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             73102                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            10768                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads         2546097895                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         633854113                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    95797744                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  52962596                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 42835148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             24252285201777.625000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             1954851773.373881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000081                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999919                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       126259611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 446      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               773891723     88.19%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7787836      0.89%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   19153      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   1260      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   2668      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   1784      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  1279      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead               52962596      6.04%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              42835132      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                877508103                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         396.793883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          85801796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1075936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.746189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   396.793883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.774988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.774988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       172683112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      172683112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data     41999066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41999066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     42451426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42451426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        64689                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        64689                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         1155                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1155                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        90372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        90372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        76542                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        76542                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     84451647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       84451647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     84516336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      84516336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       831273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       831273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       238891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       238891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         9359                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9359                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        22812                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22812                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         2120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data        14091                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14091                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data      1092976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total      1092976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data      1102335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      1102335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data     42830339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42830339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     42690317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42690317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        74048                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        74048                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23967                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        23967                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        92492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        92492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        90633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        90633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     85544623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85544623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     85618671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85618671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.019409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.126391                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.126391                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.951809                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.951809                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022921                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022921                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.155473                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.155473                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       796602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          796602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements              1036486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         501.183725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         784967133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          423228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs         1854.714558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   501.183725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.978874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1570357494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1570357494                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    784543905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     784543905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    784543905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      784543905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    784543905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     784543905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       423228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       423228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       423228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       423228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       423228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       423228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    784967133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    784967133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    784967133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    784967133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    784967133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    784967133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       422716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          422716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               422716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   43626                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               43626                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43626                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43626    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43626                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    976491052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     976491052    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    976491052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41038     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          184      0.45%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           83      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41305                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43626                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43626                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41305                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41305                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        84931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   45601920                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    37408                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  44785951                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    6218                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                   1068                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  271                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     357                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               45639328                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              44792169                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        90387871                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         43626                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    90431497                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   41125                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               41125                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        41125                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         41125    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        41125                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    926307052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0     926307052    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total    926307052                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40796     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          102      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40898                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        41125                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        41125                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        82023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  800758969                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    41125                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    638                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              800800094                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       800758969                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         41125                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   800800094                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              4853                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2426                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2243715014115.397949                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  56469913570358.546875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          787     32.44%     32.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1632     67.27%     99.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.04%     99.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            6      0.25%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1905171339931000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2426                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  447643642545                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443252624243955                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783754759316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   2428                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 800794925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   895283699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             778629897                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           802823592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              150494                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  33582768                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts    100518576                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  802823592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                     150494                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1206151101                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        611619001                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            179477                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            70509                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads         2559435228                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         640914593                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                   100402396                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  55584765                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 44817631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21781963448510.652344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             1791310805.345934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000082                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999918                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       129786047                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                3441      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               786983141     87.90%     87.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7816414      0.87%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   21244      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                  10571      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  21936      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  13764      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                 11526      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               55584765      6.21%     94.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              44817615      5.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                895288641                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         300.744411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          90423994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1174728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           76.974409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   300.744411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.587391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.587391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       182022972                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      182022972                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     44495651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      44495651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     44376315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     44376315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        97176                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        97176                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         3209                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3209                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data       125044                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       125044                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data       109252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       109252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     88875175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       88875175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     88972351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      88972351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       904320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       904320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       249146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        11035                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11035                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        35046                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        35046                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         1799                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1799                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data        16001                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16001                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      1188512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      1188512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      1199547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      1199547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     45399971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45399971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     44625461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     44625461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data       108211                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       108211                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        38255                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        38255                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       126843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       126843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data       125253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       125253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     90063687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     90063687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     90171898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     90171898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.019919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.005583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.101977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.101977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.916116                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.916116                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.014183                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014183                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.127749                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.127749                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       906520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          906520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              1144922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         447.985056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         800799867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          518941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs         1543.142413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   447.985056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1602118675                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1602118675                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    800280926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     800280926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    800280926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      800280926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    800280926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     800280926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       518941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       518941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       518941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       518941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       518941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       518941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    800799867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    800799867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    800799867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    800799867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    800799867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    800799867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       518428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          518428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               518428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   39916                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               39916                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        39916                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         39916    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        39916                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1496395744                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1496395744    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1496395744                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37360     99.45%     99.45% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          129      0.34%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           78      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37567                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        39916                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        39916                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        37567                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37567                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        77483                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                   44303050                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    34885                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                  43342543                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    5031                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    719                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  198                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     297                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses               44337935                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses              43347574                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                        87645593                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         39916                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                    87685509                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   27975                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               27975                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        27975                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         27975    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        27975                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1546303244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1546303244    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1546303244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        27655     99.81%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           52      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        27707                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        27975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        27975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        27707                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        27707                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        55682                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                  781037566                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    27975                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    360                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses              781065541                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                       781037566                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         27975                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                   781065541                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions              5136                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2568                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2119650822717.861328                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  43741658352141.484375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          852     33.18%     33.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1678     65.34%     98.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            2      0.08%     98.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           36      1.40%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1879205614025500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2568                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  436955147032                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443263312739468                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   24353567074044                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                   2569                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 781060808                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   873907221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts             758542006                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           782868665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses              110322                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                  33152602                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts     98793322                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  782868665                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                     110322                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads        1181304295                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        594708944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads            126817                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            40885                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads         2513430144                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes         620138833                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    97568389                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  54195977                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 43372412                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             24351612261009.777344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             1954813034.221003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000080                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999920                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                       127518620                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                1824      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu               768606566     87.95%     87.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                7678052      0.88%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   19637      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   6196      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                  13368      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   7296      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  6216      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead               54195977      6.20%     95.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite              43372396      4.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                873911686                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         331.339082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs          87678094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1117583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           78.453318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   331.339082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.647147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.647147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       176474027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      176474027                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data     43216044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      43216044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data     42953746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42953746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data       100715                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       100715                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1695                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1695                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data       129576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       129576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data       113564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       113564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data     86171485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       86171485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data     86272200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      86272200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       874035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       874035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data       231741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       231741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data        11148                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11148                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        28118                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        28118                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data        16011                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16011                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data      1133894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      1133894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data      1145042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      1145042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data     44090079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44090079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data     43185487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43185487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data       111863                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       111863                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        29813                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        29813                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       131277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       131277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data       129575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       129575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data     87305379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87305379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data     87417242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87417242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.019824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.099658                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.099658                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.943146                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.943146                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012957                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012957                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.123566                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.123566                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       828775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          828775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements              1088523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         447.984951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs         781065273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          487728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs         1601.436196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   447.984951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1562618274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     1562618274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst    780577545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     780577545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst    780577545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total      780577545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst    780577545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total     780577545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       487728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       487728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       487728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       487728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       487728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       487728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst    781065273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    781065273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst    781065273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total    781065273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst    781065273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total    781065273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       487216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          487216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               487216                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                 2451530                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong             2451530                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2451530                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2451530    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2451530                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1605915748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1605915748    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1605915748                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2447524     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          199      0.01%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          413      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2448136                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2451530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2451530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2448136                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2448136                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4899666                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                  177132385                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                  2302919                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                 104379236                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                  148611                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    662                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1271                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     120                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses              179435304                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses             104527847                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                       281511621                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                       2451530                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                   283963151                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   47534                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               47534                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        47534                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         47534    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        47534                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   2131107092                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    2131107092    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   2131107092                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        47346     99.76%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          114      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        47460                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        47534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        47534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        47460                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        47460                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        94994                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                 1258959627                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    47534                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    527                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses             1259007161                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                      1258959627                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         47534                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                  1259007161                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              3678                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1839                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1742528214211.205078                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  12003688032925.445312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          969     52.69%     52.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          829     45.08%     97.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.05%     97.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           40      2.18%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1839                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2239190881952094                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3204509385934406                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   24353567075750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                   1840                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                1259002304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                  1423879963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts            1209902643                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses          1290389475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses              484752                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  54693279                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts    158631681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                 1290389475                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                     484752                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads        1845944339                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes       1047866498                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads            609504                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes           393597                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads         2284297849                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         730903418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                   291875490                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                 187338237                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                104537253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             24350382049741.308594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             3185026008.690963                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000131                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999869                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       218324906                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               14595      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu              1117686646     78.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult               13945883      0.98%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   16298      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                  42208      0.00%     79.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                 104728      0.01%     79.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                  56348      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                 35557      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4126      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              187338237     13.16%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite             104537253      7.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total               1423884746                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         239.281055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs         283947706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5424184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           52.348465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8985601994751000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   239.281055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.467346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.467346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       573325100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      573325100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data    174230339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     174230339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data    103220861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    103220861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data       232819                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       232819                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data        63470                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        63470                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data       372948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       372948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data       369184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       369184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data    277514670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total      277514670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data    277747489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total     277747489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data      4566311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4566311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       673907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       673907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data        19870                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        19870                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data       178730                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       178730                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data         8080                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8080                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data        11187                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11187                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data      5418948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total      5418948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data      5438818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total      5438818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data    178796650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    178796650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data    103894768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    103894768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data       252689                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       252689                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data       242200                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       242200                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       381028                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       381028                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data       380371                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       380371                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data    282933618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total    282933618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data    283186307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total    283186307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.025539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006486                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006486                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.078634                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.078634                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.737944                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.737944                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.021206                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021206                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.029411                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029411                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.019153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.019206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1539890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total         1539890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements              5396947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         301.453819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs        1259007087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          899922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs         1399.018012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8985601994746000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   301.453819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.588777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.588777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2518914096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     2518914096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst   1258107165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1258107165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst   1258107165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total     1258107165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst   1258107165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total    1258107165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       899922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       899922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       899922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       899922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       899922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       899922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst   1259007087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1259007087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst   1259007087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total   1259007087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst   1259007087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total   1259007087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       899410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          899410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               899410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   48875                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               48875                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        48875                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         48875    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        48875                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1226455244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1226455244    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1226455244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        47983     99.27%     99.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          129      0.27%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          226      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        48338                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        48875                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        48875                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        48338                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        48338                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        97213                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                   42972410                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    43197                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                  42975558                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    5678                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    416                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  322                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     141                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses               43015607                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses              42981236                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        85947968                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         48875                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    85996843                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   35739                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               35739                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        35739                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         35739    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        35739                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1227085244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1227085244    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1227085244                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        35503     99.74%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           94      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        35597                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        35739                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        35739                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        35597                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        35597                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        71336                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                  760919735                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    35739                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    322                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses              760955474                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                       760919735                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         35739                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                   760955474                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions              4771                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2386                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1824927629133.858643                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  28499102817191.578125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          818     34.28%     34.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1529     64.08%     98.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           39      1.63%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1299385942532000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2386                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1089422944773113                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4354277323113387                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21782874762657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                   2386                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 760953251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   853390733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts             739524132                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           764562690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               76866                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                  33083798                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts     95789497                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  764562690                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      76866                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads        1154885160                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        579150524                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             78500                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            10190                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads         2470303566                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes         604738409                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    95885819                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  52879819                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 43006000                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21781167346957.218750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             1707415699.779995                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000078                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999922                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                       124191850                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 419      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu               749919188     87.88%     87.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                7557908      0.89%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   18608      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   1231      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   2586      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   1676      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  1237      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead               52879819      6.20%     94.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite              43005984      5.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                853392814                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         309.208441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          85945293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1095890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           78.425109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836119303845000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   309.208441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.603923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.603923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.720703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       173076962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      173076962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data     41966824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41966824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data     42565531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42565531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        77732                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        77732                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1759                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data       103939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       103939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        91521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        91521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data     84534114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       84534114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     84611846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      84611846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       851449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       851449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data       238698                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       238698                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data        10844                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10844                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        22646                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22646                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1595                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1595                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data        12686                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12686                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data      1112793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total      1112793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data      1123637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total      1123637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data     42818273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42818273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data     42804229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42804229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        88576                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        88576                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        24405                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        24405                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       105534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       105534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data       104207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       104207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     85646907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85646907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     85735483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85735483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.019885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.122426                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.122426                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.927925                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.927925                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.015114                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015114                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.121738                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.121738                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       798766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          798766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements              1057171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         409.575897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs         760955332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          502518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs         1514.284726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836119303840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   409.575897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.799953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1522413182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     1522413182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst    760452814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     760452814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst    760452814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total      760452814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst    760452814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total     760452814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       502518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       502518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       502518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       502518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       502518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       502518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst    760955332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    760955332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst    760955332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total    760955332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst    760955332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total    760955332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       502006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          502006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               502006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   40797                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               40797                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40797                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40797    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40797                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    545017756                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     545017756    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    545017756                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39739     99.47%     99.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           52      0.13%     99.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          159      0.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39950                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        40797                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40797                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        39950                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39950                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        80747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                   40508723                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    35122                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                  41261276                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    5675                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    262                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  118                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      77                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses               40543845                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses              41266951                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                        81769999                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         40797                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                    81810796                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   23336                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               23336                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23336                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23336    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23336                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    490331756                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0     490331756    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total    490331756                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23240     99.88%     99.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           28      0.12%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23268                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        23336                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23336                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        23268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        46604                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                  756977582                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    23336                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    172                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses              757000918                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                       756977582                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         23336                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                   757000918                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              4681                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2340                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1860802767518.858154                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  36310967498805.171875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          796     34.02%     34.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1518     64.87%     98.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           26      1.11%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1299397939162000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2340                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1089421791892372                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4354278475994128                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21782850769353                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                   2342                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 756998815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   847538414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts             743106121                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           759445347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               56442                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  32549770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts     94495090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  759445347                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      56442                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads        1144753987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        576021425                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             56568                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             2002                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads         2490527349                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         613223706                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    91738601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  50446311                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 41292290                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21781155064751.917969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             1695704601.080979                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000078                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999922                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       122194204                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                  75      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu               748218108     88.28%     88.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                7565816      0.89%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   12501      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    223      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                    466      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                    300      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   219      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead               50446311      5.95%     95.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite              41292274      4.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                847540449                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         293.604393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs          81801168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          980699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           83.411085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836121077187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   293.604393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.573446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.573446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       164591099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      164591099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data     39684010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39684010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data     40958323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40958323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        40854                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        40854                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          307                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          307                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        54079                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        54079                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        40577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        40577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data     80642640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       80642640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data     80683494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      80683494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       752218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       752218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       232705                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       232705                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         8579                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8579                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        15074                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15074                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data         1257                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data        13185                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13185                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       999997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       999997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data      1008576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total      1008576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data     40436228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40436228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data     41191028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41191028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        49433                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        49433                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15381                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15381                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        55336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        55336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        53762                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        53762                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data     81642637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81642637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data     81692070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81692070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.018603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.173548                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.173548                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.980040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.980040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.022716                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022716                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.245248                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.245248                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       759070                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          759070                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               940611                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         409.575730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs         757000850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          320336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs         2363.146353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7836121077182000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   409.575730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.799953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1514322036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     1514322036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst    756680514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     756680514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst    756680514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total      756680514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst    756680514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total     756680514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       320336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       320336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       320336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       320336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       320336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       320336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst    757000850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    757000850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst    757000850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total    757000850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst    757000850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total    757000850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       319824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          319824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               319824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  119004                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              119004                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       119004                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        119004    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       119004                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       117048     98.57%     98.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1455      1.23%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          240      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       118743                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       119004                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       119004                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       118743                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       118743                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       237747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   47403963                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   110226                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  47293956                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    8778                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    482                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2998                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      70                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               47514189                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              47302734                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        94697919                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        119004                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    94816923                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  181230                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              181230                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       181230                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        181230    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       181230                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       179723     99.19%     99.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1474      0.81%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       181197                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       181230                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       181230                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       181197                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       181197                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       362427                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  798503444                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   181230                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    468                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              798684674                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       798503444                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        181230                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   798684674                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              7472                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3735                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1457363373828.580078                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9117487158024.015625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          872     23.35%     23.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2724     72.93%     96.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.05%     96.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.03%     96.36% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          136      3.64%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409833192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3735                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  448066636753                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443252201249747                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   24381646649073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   3737                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 798677823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   896128996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             760824125                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           803757959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              928084                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  35171224                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     99804020                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  803757959                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     928084                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads        1212061431                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        611155757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           1325048                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           773800                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads         2516010504                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes         622187389                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                   104688613                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  57363502                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 47325111                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             24379639815185.910156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             2006833887.090471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000082                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999918                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                       130823637                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               37705      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               782967643     87.37%     87.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                7723615      0.86%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   39274      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 126436      0.01%     88.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 270421      0.03%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 150820      0.02%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                127147      0.01%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               57363502      6.40%     94.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              47325095      5.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                896135814                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         430.750361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          94809042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1547302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           61.273780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   430.750361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.841309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       191165514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      191165514                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     46022824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      46022824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     46767411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     46767411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        94949                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        94949                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         6556                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         6556                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       164882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       164882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       145390                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       145390                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     92796791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       92796791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     92891740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      92891740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      1196952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1196952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       308556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       308556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        24078                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        24078                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        48323                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        48323                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         5636                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5636                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        23485                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        23485                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      1553831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      1553831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      1577909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      1577909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     47219776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47219776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     47075967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47075967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       119027                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       119027                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        54879                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        54879                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       170518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       170518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       168875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       168875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     94350622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     94350622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     94469649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     94469649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.025349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.006554                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006554                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.202290                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.202290                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.880537                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.880537                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.033052                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033052                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.139067                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.139067                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.016469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.016703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1035477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total         1035477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              1503061                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.897613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         798684641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1767974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs          451.751350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   505.897613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.988081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1599137256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     1599137256                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    796916667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     796916667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    796916667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      796916667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    796916667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     796916667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      1767974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1767974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      1767974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      1767974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      1767974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      1767974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    798684641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    798684641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    798684641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    798684641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    798684641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    798684641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.002214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.002214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.002214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1767462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         1767462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              1767462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  245846                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              245846                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       245846                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        245846    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       245846                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       245162     99.81%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          284      0.12%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          174      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       245620                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       245846                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       245846                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       245620                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       245620                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       491466                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  113305352                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   213839                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 106706971                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   32007                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    150                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 8601                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              113519191                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             106738978                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       220012323                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        245846                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   220258169                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 1285672                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             1285672                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1285672                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1285672    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1285672                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1282074     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         3589      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1285663                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1285672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1285672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1285663                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1285663                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2571335                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 1122074936                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  1285672                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             1123360608                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      1122074936                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       1285672                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  1123360608                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             57985                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        28993                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   187736976522.302521                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2373836801389.331055                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        26313     90.76%     90.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2500      8.62%     99.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          180      0.62%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161744360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         28993                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  642107575383                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443058160311117                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   24323663310929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  28993                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                1123268993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1284125650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             820289673                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          1167902919                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              852027                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  62441126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    145192875                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 1167902919                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     852027                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        1729398787                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        889810065                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            895917                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           476642                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads         2684043678                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         713770978                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   230484961                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 123763992                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                106720969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             24320794231541.601562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             2869079387.399890                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000118                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999882                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       205388004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               18258      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              1045142524     81.38%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                8201236      0.64%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   64095      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  54595      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 114381      0.01%     82.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  73032      0.01%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 59965      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4209      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              123763992      9.64%     91.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             106720953      8.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1284217256                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         494.834516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         220247422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4556098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           48.341239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   494.834516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.966474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       445050942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      445050942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    107391412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     107391412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    104047987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    104047987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      1034020                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      1034020                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        45957                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        45957                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1527697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1527697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1542583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    211485356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      211485356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    212519376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     212519376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      3313404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3313404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       860932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       860932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       192906                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       192906                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       196533                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       196533                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        55395                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        55395                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        38596                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        38596                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      4370869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      4370869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      4563775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      4563775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    110704816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    110704816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    104908919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    104908919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1226926                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1226926                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       242490                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       242490                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1583092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1583092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1581179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1581179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    215856225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    215856225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    217083151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    217083151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.029930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.008206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.157227                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.157227                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.810479                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.810479                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.034992                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034992                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024410                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024410                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.020249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.021023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2578990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         2578990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              4464899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.799448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        1123360599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        12777108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           87.919786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.799448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2259498306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     2259498306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   1110583491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1110583491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   1110583491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     1110583491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   1110583491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    1110583491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     12777108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12777108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     12777108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     12777108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     12777108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     12777108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   1123360599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1123360599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   1123360599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   1123360599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   1123360599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   1123360599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.011374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.011374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.011374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     12776596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        12776596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             12776596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   68141                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               68141                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        68141                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         68141    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        68141                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        67027     98.83%     98.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          658      0.97%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          138      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        67823                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        68141                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        68141                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        67823                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        67823                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       135964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   44829256                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    61244                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  45167870                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    6897                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1239                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     160                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               44890500                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              45174767                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        89997126                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         68141                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    90065267                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   92519                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               92519                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        92519                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         92519    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        92519                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        91882     99.38%     99.38% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          576      0.62%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        92458                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        92519                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        92519                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        92458                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        92458                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       184977                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  796728584                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    92519                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10844                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   101                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    441                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              796821103                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       796728584                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         92519                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   796821103                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              7123                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1528145460942.058594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9878235206737.421875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1132     31.78%     31.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2305     64.71%     96.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.03%     96.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.06%     96.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.03%     96.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          121      3.40%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409833192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  446136010887                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5443254131875613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   24381646646949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   3562                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 796816905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   892270052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             769783910                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           800555496                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              407868                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  34275778                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts     98661404                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  800555496                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     407868                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1205075363                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        610344175                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            567017                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           309635                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads         2548421513                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         634345054                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                   100042212                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  54843504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 45198708                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             24379648460091.746094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             1998186857.251956                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000082                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999918                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       128543100                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass               15197      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               784076960     87.87%     87.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                7828160      0.88%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   37864      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  50756      0.01%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 107649      0.01%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  60788      0.01%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 50462      0.01%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               54843504      6.15%     94.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              45198692      5.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                892274189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         437.466084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          90058320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1182057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           76.187798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   437.466084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.854426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.854426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       181298953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      181298953                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     43773699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      43773699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     44747542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     44747542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        75649                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        75649                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         4520                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4520                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       120646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       120646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       102775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       102775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     88525761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       88525761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     88601410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      88601410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       896511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       896511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       270353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       270353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        16857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        27195                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        27195                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         3387                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3387                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        19186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      1194059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      1194059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      1210916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      1210916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     44670210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44670210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     45017895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     45017895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        92506                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        92506                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        31715                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        31715                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       124033                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       124033                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       121961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       121961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     89719820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     89719820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     89812326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     89812326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.020070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.006005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.182226                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.182226                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.857481                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.857481                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.027307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.157313                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.157313                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       838179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          838179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements              1137947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.319941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         796821042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          998104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs          798.334685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   509.319941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.994766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1594640188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     1594640188                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    795822938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     795822938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    795822938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      795822938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    795822938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     795822938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       998104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       998104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       998104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       998104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       998104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       998104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    796821042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    796821042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    796821042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    796821042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    796821042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    796821042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.001253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.001253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.001253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       997592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          997592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               997592                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                13151                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               13151                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              542214                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             542214                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        13618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        37910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1110730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        13618                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          669                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        27337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34242768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34242768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34270105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               12.799271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7836111175767501                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     12.799271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.799954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4827690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4827690                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536410                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536410                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536394                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               12652.201655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                   9655558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 1614650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                    5.979970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2007.305380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    81.016473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    92.020787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   4061.754456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   6410.104558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.122516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.004945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.005617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.247910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.391242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.772229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015808                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880005                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                21022962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               21022962                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       341147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       444761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                785908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1643328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1643328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1587808                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        1587808                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           666                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total                666                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         229497                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              229497                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      1496838                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1496838                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      1121595                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1121595                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        17779                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total           17779                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       341147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       444761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           1496838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data           1351092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                3633838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       341147                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       444761                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          1496838                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data          1351092                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total               3633838                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                4598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        45900                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            45900                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        29511                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          29511                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       633390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            633390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        91773                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          91773                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       817585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        817585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        43345                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total         43345                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           91773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         1450975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              1547346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          91773                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        1450975                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             1547346                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       344264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       446242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total            790506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1643328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1643328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1587808                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1587808                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        46566                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          46566                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        30019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        30019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       862887                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total          862887                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      1588611                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1588611                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1939180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1939180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        61124                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        61124                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       344264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       446242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       1588611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       2802067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total            5181184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       344264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       446242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      1588611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      2802067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total           5181184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.009054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.985698                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.985698                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.983077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.734036                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.734036                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.057769                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.057769                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.421614                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.421614                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.709132                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.709132                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.009054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.057769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.517823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.009054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.057769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.517823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             670734                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  670734                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      1439199                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse                9376.140302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                   3105492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  249485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                   12.447610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2268.137216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    57.233039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    51.272880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   2502.295062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   4497.202103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.138436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.003493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.152728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.274487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.572274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011353                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878601                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 6506573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                6506573                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       103826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        61898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                165724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       822695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total         822695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       389489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         389489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           876                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total                876                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          167                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              167                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data         160480                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total              160480                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       360726                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           360726                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       711983                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          711983                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         2564                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2564                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       103826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        61898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            360726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            872463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                1398913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       103826                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        61898                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           360726                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           872463                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total               1398913                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        22476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total            22476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        14302                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          14302                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        56610                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             56610                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        29569                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          29569                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       134697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        134697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        20440                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total         20440                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           29569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data          191307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               223178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          387                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          29569                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data         191307                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              223178                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       105741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        62285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total            168026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       822695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       822695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       389489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       389489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        23352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          23352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        14469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       217090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total          217090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       390295                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       390295                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       846680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       846680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        23004                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        23004                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       105741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        62285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        390295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data       1063770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total            1622091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       105741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        62285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       390295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      1063770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total           1622091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.018110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.006213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.962487                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.962487                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.988458                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988458                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.260767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.260767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.075761                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.075761                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.159088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.888541                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.888541                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.018110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.006213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.075761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.179839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.137587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.018110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.006213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.075761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.179839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.137587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              82974                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   82974                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                       172085                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               11725.250687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                   8417164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                  492696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                   17.083889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            7836111006206500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1656.920313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    91.303630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    77.883258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   3740.988288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   6158.155198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.101130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.005573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.228332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.375864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.715653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12525                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12525                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008728                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.764465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                17551528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses               17551528                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       383973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       588635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                972608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1221546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1221546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1972628                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total        1972628                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           889                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total                889                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data         246852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total              246852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      1905737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1905737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      1139132                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1139132                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data        33944                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total           33944                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       383973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       588635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst           1905737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data           1385984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                4264329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       383973                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       588635                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst          1905737                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data          1385984                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total               4264329                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         3030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                4125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        40413                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total            40413                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        27059                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          27059                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        70249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             70249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        68103                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          68103                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       198689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        198689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data       107068                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total        107068                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           68103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data          268938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total               341166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         3030                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1095                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          68103                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data         268938                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total              341166                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       387003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       589730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total            976733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1221546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1221546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1972628                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1972628                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        41302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          41302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        27252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        27252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       317101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total          317101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      1973840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1973840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1337821                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1337821                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       141012                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       141012                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       387003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       589730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst       1973840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data       1654922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total            4605495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       387003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       589730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst      1973840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      1654922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total           4605495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.007829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.004223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.978476                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.978476                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.992918                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992918                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.221535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.221535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.034503                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.034503                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.148517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.759283                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.759283                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.007829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.034503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.162508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.074078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.007829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.034503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.162508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.074078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks             183326                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                  183326                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                       338625                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               11102.470149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                   3300214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                  254600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                   12.962349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2295.837925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    47.022920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    59.290330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   2885.431130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   5814.887844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.140127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.002870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.176113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.354913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.677641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.829041                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 6905340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                6905340                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        94114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        73167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                167281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       850039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total         850039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       439045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         439045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           655                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                655                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data         168943                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total              168943                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       408122                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           408122                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       743971                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          743971                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         3158                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3158                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        94114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        73167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            408122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data            912914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                1488317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        94114                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        73167                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           408122                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data           912914                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total               1488317                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        28877                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total            28877                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        16132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          16132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        54121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             54121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        31552                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          31552                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       141065                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        141065                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        22759                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total         22759                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           31552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data          195186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total               228645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          568                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          31552                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data         195186                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total              228645                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        95453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        73735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total            169188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       850039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       850039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       439045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       439045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        29532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          29532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        16309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        16309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       223064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total          223064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       439674                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       439674                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       885036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       885036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        25917                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        25917                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        95453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        73735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        439674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data       1108100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total            1716962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        95453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        73735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       439674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      1108100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total           1716962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.014028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.977821                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.977821                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.989147                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989147                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.242625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.242625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.071762                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.071762                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.159389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.878149                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.878149                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.014028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.071762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.176145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.133168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.014028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.071762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.176145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.133168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              77019                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   77019                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                       163904                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               11131.243451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                   5328582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  387459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   13.752634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2291.935367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    72.363395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    72.713098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   3638.184905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   5056.046686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.139889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.222057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.308597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.679397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007629                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898987                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                11113963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses               11113963                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       225004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       263585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                488589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       980960                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total         980960                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       976312                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total         976312                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           632                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                632                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         201201                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              201201                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       919887                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           919887                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       939307                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          939307                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        13740                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total           13740                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       225004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       263585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            919887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data           1140508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                2548984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       225004                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       263585                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           919887                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data          1140508                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               2548984                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        29614                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            29614                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        21143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          21143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        63559                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             63559                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        57229                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          57229                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       204839                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        204839                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        29223                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total         29223                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           57229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          268398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               328434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2122                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          685                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          57229                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         268398                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              328434                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       227126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       264270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total            491396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       980960                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       980960                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       976312                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total       976312                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        30246                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          30246                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        21366                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        21366                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       264760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          264760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       977116                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       977116                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1144146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1144146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        42963                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        42963                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       227126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       264270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        977116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data       1408906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            2877418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       227126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       264270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       977116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      1408906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           2877418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.979105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.979105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.989563                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989563                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.240063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.240063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.058569                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.058569                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.179032                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.179032                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.680190                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.680190                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.009343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.058569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.190501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.114142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.009343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.002592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.058569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.190501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.114142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks             104615                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                  104615                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       279521                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               10086.093948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                   3301422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                  259556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                   12.719498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            7836124609780500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2463.348575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    56.450395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    46.183383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   2539.192248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   4980.919348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.150351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.002819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.154980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.304011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.615606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012085                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884277                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                 6907614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                6907614                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       113836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        96512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                210348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       839312                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total         839312                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       416715                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total         416715                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          1515                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1515                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          256                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              256                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data         172101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total              172101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       389715                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           389715                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       730532                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          730532                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         4763                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4763                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       113836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        96512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst            389715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data            902633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                1502696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       113836                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        96512                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst           389715                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data           902633                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total               1502696                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker         1204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        26552                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total            26552                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        14043                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          14043                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data        60363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total             60363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        27812                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          27812                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       146062                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        146062                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        20747                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total         20747                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           27812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data          206425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total               237645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2204                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker         1204                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          27812                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data         206425                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total              237645                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       116040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        97716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total            213756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       839312                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       839312                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       416715                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total       416715                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        28067                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          28067                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        14299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       232464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total          232464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       417527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       417527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       876594                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       876594                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        25510                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        25510                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       116040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        97716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst        417527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data       1109058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total            1740341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       116040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        97716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst       417527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1109058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total           1740341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.018993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.012321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.015943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.946022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.946022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.982097                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982097                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.259666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.259666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.066611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.066611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.166624                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166624                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.813289                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.813289                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.018993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.012321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.066611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.186126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.136551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.018993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.012321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.066611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.186126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.136551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              81383                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   81383                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                       167809                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               10665.424402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                   3599596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                  292221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                   12.318061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2482.425617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    50.961350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    44.078360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   2617.557378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   5470.401696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.151515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.002690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.159763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.333887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.650966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011902                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886292                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                 7540819                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                7540819                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       138336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        77931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                216267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       902660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total         902660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       448579                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         448579                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          1117                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1117                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          212                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              212                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data         160983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total              160983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       413555                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           413555                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       828666                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          828666                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         5438                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5438                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       138336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        77931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            413555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data            989649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                1619471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       138336                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        77931                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           413555                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data           989649                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total               1619471                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         1868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        30504                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total            30504                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        18619                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          18619                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data        57186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total             57186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        35835                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          35835                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data       173731                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        173731                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        23325                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total         23325                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         1868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           35835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data          230917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total               269358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         1868                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          738                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          35835                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data         230917                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total              269358                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       140204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        78669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total            218873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       902660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       902660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       448579                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       448579                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        31621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          31621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        18831                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        18831                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       218169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total          218169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       449390                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       449390                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data      1002397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1002397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        28763                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        28763                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       140204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        78669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        449390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data       1220566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total            1888829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       140204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        78669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       449390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      1220566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total           1888829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.009381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.964675                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.964675                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.988742                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988742                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.262118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.262118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.079741                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.079741                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.173316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.173316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.810938                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.810938                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.009381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.079741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.189188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.142606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.009381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.079741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.189188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.142606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              77439                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   77439                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                       183486                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               10834.720268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                   3190957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                  235753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                   13.535170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2616.253078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    40.850788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    50.710282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   2861.485996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   5265.420124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.159683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.003095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.174651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.321376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.661299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906433                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 6658941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                6658941                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       116045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        92943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                208988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       796602                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total         796602                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       422606                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         422606                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           656                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                656                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data         156022                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total              156022                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       395715                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           395715                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       707948                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          707948                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         3394                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3394                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       116045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        92943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            395715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data            863970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                1468673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       116045                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        92943                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           395715                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data           863970                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total               1468673                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        27861                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27861                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        13956                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          13956                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        54352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             54352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        27513                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          27513                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data       134804                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        134804                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        19418                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total         19418                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           27513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data          189156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total               218618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1585                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          27513                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data         189156                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total              218618                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       117630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        93307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total            210937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       796602                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       796602                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       422606                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       422606                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        28517                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          28517                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        14091                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14091                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       210374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total          210374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       423228                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       423228                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       842752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       842752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        22812                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        22812                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       117630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        93307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        423228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data       1053126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total            1687291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       117630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        93307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       423228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      1053126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total           1687291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.003901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.976996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.976996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.990419                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990419                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.258359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.258359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.065008                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.065008                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.159957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.851219                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.851219                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.003901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.065008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.179614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.129567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.003901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.065008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.179614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.129567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              69814                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   69814                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                       142615                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               11581.353786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                   3603040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                  257843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                   13.973775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   3760.932014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    52.939943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    51.307939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   2783.196258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   4932.977633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.229549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.003231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.169873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.301085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.706870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012390                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894348                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                 7527991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses                7527991                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       115358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       118742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                234100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       906520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total         906520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       518135                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total         518135                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          1507                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1507                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data         174136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total              174136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       477400                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           477400                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       784963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          784963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         3846                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3846                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       115358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       118742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst            477400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data            959099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                1670599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       115358                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       118742                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst           477400                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data           959099                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total               1670599                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        25108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        15702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          15702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        48395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total             48395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        41541                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          41541                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data       132191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        132191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        31200                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total         31200                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           41541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data          180586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total               223804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          431                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          41541                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data         180586                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total              223804                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       116604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       119173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total            235777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       906520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       906520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       518135                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total       518135                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        26615                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          26615                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        16001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        16001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       222531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total          222531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       518941                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       518941                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       917154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       917154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        35046                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        35046                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       116604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       119173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        518941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       1139685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total            1894403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       116604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       119173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst       518941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      1139685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total           1894403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.943378                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.943378                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.981314                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981314                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.217475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.080050                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.080050                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.144132                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144132                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.890259                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.890259                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.080050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.158453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.118140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.080050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.158453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.118140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              72553                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   72553                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                       172159                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               11218.940494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                   3388582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                  260318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                   13.017087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2632.108213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    44.840494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    56.081329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   2918.764911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   5567.145548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.160651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.002737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.003423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.178147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.339792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.684750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009216                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851868                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 7083086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                7083086                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       103844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        79666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                183510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       828775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total         828775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       486913                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         486913                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          1551                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1551                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data         149066                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total              149066                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       449067                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           449067                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       750079                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          750079                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         7053                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            7053                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       103844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        79666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            449067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data            899145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                1531722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       103844                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        79666                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           449067                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data           899145                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total               1531722                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        27602                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27602                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        15655                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          15655                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        53522                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             53522                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        38661                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          38661                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data       136805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        136805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        21065                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total         21065                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           38661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data          190327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total               230966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1359                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          619                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          38661                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data         190327                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total              230966                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       105203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        80285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total            185488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       828775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       828775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       486913                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       486913                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        29153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          29153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        16011                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        16011                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data       202588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total          202588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       487728                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       487728                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       886884                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       886884                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        28118                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        28118                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       105203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        80285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        487728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data       1089472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total            1762688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       105203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        80285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       487728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      1089472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total           1762688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.012918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.946798                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.946798                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.977765                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977765                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.264191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.264191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.079268                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.079268                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.154254                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154254                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.749164                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.749164                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.012918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.079268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.174697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.131031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.012918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.079268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.174697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.131031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              75709                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   75709                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                       173363                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                8306.227122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                  19933963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                 3589196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                    5.553880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            8985601994746000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1403.487426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    25.886492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    24.741591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   1053.028834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   5799.082779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.085662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.001580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.001510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.064272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.353948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.506972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14609                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14609                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006226                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.891663                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                43843730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses               43843730                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7284986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       138992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total               7423978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1539890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1539890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       899213                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         899213                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          2031                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2031                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data         225706                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total              225706                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       830992                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           830992                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data      1750469                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1750469                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         4401                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4401                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7284986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       138992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            830992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data           1976175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total               10231145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7284986                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       138992                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           830992                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data          1976175                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total              10231145                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        52258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               53761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        20650                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total            20650                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        11111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          11111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data       425520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total            425520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        68930                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          68930                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data      2843792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2843792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data       174329                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total        174329                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        52258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           68930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data         3269312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total              3392003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        52258                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1503                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst          68930                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data        3269312                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total             3392003                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7337244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       140495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total           7477739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1539890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1539890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       899213                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       899213                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        22681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          22681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        11187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       651226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total          651226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       899922                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       899922                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data      4594261                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4594261                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data       178730                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       178730                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7337244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       140495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        899922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data       5245487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total           13623148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7337244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       140495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       899922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      5245487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total          13623148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.010698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.910454                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.910454                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.993206                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993206                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.653414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.653414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.076596                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.076596                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.618988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.618988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.975376                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.975376                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.010698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.076596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.623262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.010698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.076596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.623262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks             678178                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                  678178                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                      3515805                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               11556.342924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                   3420934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                  250152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                   13.675421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            7836119303840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2792.007990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    44.588837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    52.755704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   3109.076315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   5557.914078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.170411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.002721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.189763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.339228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.705343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008850                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.819458                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                 7133560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                7133560                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       137541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker       102948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                240489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       798766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total         798766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       501723                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total         501723                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           202                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                202                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data         156824                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total              156824                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       466532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           466532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       721356                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          721356                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         3595                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3595                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       137541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker       102948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst            466532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data            878180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                1585201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       137541                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker       102948                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst           466532                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data           878180                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total               1585201                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        29125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total            29125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        12536                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          12536                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data        52547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total             52547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        35986                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          35986                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data       142532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        142532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        19051                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total         19051                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           35986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data          195079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total               232974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          528                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          35986                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data         195079                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total              232974                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       138922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker       103476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total            242398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       798766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       798766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       501723                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total       501723                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        29327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          29327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        12686                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12686                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data       209371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total          209371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       502518                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       502518                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       863888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       863888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        22646                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        22646                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       138922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker       103476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        502518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data       1073259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total            1818175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       138922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker       103476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst       502518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      1073259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total           1818175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.009941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.005103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.993112                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.993112                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.988176                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988176                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.250976                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.250976                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.071611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.071611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.164989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.841252                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.841252                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.009941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.005103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.071611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.181763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.128136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.009941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.005103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.071611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.181763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.128136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              69835                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   69835                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                       159407                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse                9300.941939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                   2777745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                  209600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                   13.252600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            7836121077182000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1695.996598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    53.934252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    45.897476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   2517.508327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   4987.605286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.103515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.003292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.002801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.153657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.304419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.567684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010132                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.709167                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 5793094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                5793094                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       117801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        69091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                186892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       759070                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total         759070                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       319538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         319538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           574                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total                574                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data         147903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total              147903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       302329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           302329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       636894                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          636894                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         2106                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2106                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       117801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        69091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            302329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data            784797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                1274018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       117801                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        69091                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           302329                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data           784797                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total               1274018                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        28558                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total            28558                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        13079                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          13079                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        55670                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total             55670                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        18007                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          18007                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data       125160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        125160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        12968                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12968                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           18007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data          180830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total               200207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1004                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          366                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          18007                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data         180830                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total              200207                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       118805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        69457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total            188262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       759070                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       759070                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       319538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       319538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        29132                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          29132                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13185                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        13185                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       203573                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total          203573                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       320336                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       320336                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       762054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       762054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15074                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        15074                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       118805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        69457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        320336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        965627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total            1474225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       118805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        69457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       320336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       965627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total           1474225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.008451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.980297                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.980297                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.991961                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991961                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.273465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.273465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.056213                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.056213                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.164240                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164240                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.860289                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.860289                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.056213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.187267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.135805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.056213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.187267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.135805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              65679                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   65679                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                       113176                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               10649.998533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                   7520285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  283554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   26.521527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2230.994485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    89.882489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   106.512261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   4013.175828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   4209.433470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.136169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.005486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.244945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.256923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.650024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015198                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.497864                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                15366902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses               15366902                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       352263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       541477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                893740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1035477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1035477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1767179                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total        1767179                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           139                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                139                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data         229293                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total              229293                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      1723586                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1723586                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data      1091646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1091646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        32110                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total           32110                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       352263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       541477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst           1723586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data           1320939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                3938265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       352263                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       541477                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          1723586                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data          1320939                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total               3938265                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        36080                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total            36080                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        23430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          23430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        43044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total             43044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        44388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          44388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       135020                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        135020                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        16213                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total         16213                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           44388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data          178064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total               225149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2093                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          604                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          44388                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data         178064                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total              225149                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       354356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       542081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total            896437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1035477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1035477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1767179                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1767179                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        36219                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          36219                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        23485                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        23485                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       272337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total          272337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      1767974                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1767974                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1226666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1226666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        48323                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        48323                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       354356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       542081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst       1767974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data       1499003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total            4163414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       354356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       542081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      1767974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      1499003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total           4163414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.005906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.001114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.003009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.996162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.996162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.997658                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997658                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.158054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.158054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.025107                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.025107                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.110071                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110071                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.335513                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.335513                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.001114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.025107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.118788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.054078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.001114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.025107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.118788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.054078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              52736                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   52736                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                       152158                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse                9943.276834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                  39193008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                 1115639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   35.130547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2080.510433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    42.479662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    63.320216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   3422.632913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   4334.333610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.002593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.208901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.264547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.606889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007324                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.519348                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses                79647573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses               79647573                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       715105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      3837128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total               4552233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2578990                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2578990                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     12776353                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total       12776353                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           147                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::total                147                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         685932                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total              685932                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     12501748                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         12501748                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      3168157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3168157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       141761                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total          141761                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       715105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      3837128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst          12501748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           3854089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               20908070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       715105                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      3837128                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         12501748                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          3854089                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              20908070                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        21388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        16299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               37687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        61798                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            61798                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        38589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          38589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data       113055                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total            113055                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       275360                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         275360                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       393548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        393548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        54772                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total         54772                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        21388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        16299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          275360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          506603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total               819650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        21388                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        16299                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         275360                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         506603                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total              819650                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       736493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3853427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total           4589920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2578990                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2578990                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     12776353                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total     12776353                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        61945                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          61945                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        38596                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        38596                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       798987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total          798987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     12777108                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     12777108                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3561705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3561705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       196533                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       196533                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       736493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3853427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst      12777108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       4360692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           21727720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       736493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3853427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst     12777108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      4360692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          21727720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.029040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.997627                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.997627                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999819                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.141498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.141498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.110494                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110494                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.278691                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.278691                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.029040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.116175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.037724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.029040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.116175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.037724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             218009                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  218009                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                       796454                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               12076.201514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                   4826480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                  264864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   18.222484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2078.027218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    87.436614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    96.056394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   4342.455551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   5472.225737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.265042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.333998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.737073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014404                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832825                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                 9957076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses                9957076                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       200534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       276086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                476620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       838179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total         838179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       997309                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total         997309                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           141                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total                141                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data         186122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total              186122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       958898                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           958898                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       777248                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          777248                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        11094                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total           11094                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       200534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       276086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst            958898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data            963370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                2398888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       200534                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       276086                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst           958898                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data           963370                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total               2398888                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         2000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        32032                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total            32032                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        19084                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          19084                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        52058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             52058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        39206                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          39206                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       139507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        139507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        16101                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total         16101                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           39206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data          191565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total               233442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          671                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          39206                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data         191565                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total              233442                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       202534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       276757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total            479291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       838179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       838179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       997309                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total       997309                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        32173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          32173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        19186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       238180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total          238180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       998104                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       998104                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       916755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       916755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        27195                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        27195                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       202534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       276757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst        998104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data       1154935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total            2632330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       202534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       276757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst       998104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      1154935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total           2632330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.009875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.995617                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995617                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.994684                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994684                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.218566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.218566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.039280                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.039280                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.152175                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.152175                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.592057                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.592057                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.009875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.039280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.165866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.088683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.009875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.039280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.165866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.088683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              75435                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   75435                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                       161126                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      19287924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8019903                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4613645                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               59330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7121884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              49165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             49165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3188222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5161582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           682774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         303951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          986725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1724017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1724017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7062554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1164824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1164824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1609214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1609214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        18640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4750777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total      4782227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       722102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total       730550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1346922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total      1371330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       747754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total       758626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1072931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total      1084019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       758764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       766182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       859714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       869574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       696666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       705326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       756105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total       765259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       754203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       763239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10683032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total     10701228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       739423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total       750459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       615996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total       625100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        14766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       733239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       748007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2629389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      2650297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       749813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total       762397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               30443034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34329216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34329216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        37280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    141057728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    141103935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           50                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19115840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total     19132626                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8153                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        32060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     32813120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total     32853333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          509                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18997184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total     19018029                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        22024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     27256960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     27279030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        14836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19739520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total     19754356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21344384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total     21364100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          111                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17730496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total     17747555                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18414080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total     18431472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19084096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total     19100430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    259847168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total    259869484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18563008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total     18581243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16220032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total     16237773                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        29532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total     17190750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        41816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     65464832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total     65506648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19247872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total     19272269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               766772249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          11046615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.337353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            3.142612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6793255     61.50%     61.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2407473     21.79%     83.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  520882      4.72%     88.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  226881      2.05%     90.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                  166910      1.51%     91.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                  113957      1.03%     92.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   89595      0.81%     93.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   60307      0.55%     93.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   49729      0.45%     94.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   51511      0.47%     94.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  55539      0.50%     95.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  50480      0.46%     95.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  56418      0.51%     96.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  68252      0.62%     96.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                 121587      1.10%     98.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                 213839      1.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            11046615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8947789                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4495947                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          318                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       321372                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       321319                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           53                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq           818836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp         4346627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            5758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           5758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1643328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1588099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1154154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         46566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        30019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        76585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq         862887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp        862887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1588611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1939180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        61124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        61124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      4765321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      8708612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       902154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       715584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            15091671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    203309440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    284551487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      3608616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2862336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total            494331879                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       2960982                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                42926976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples        8216021                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.043269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.203494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0              7860574     95.67%     95.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               355394      4.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                   53      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total          8216021                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2979649                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1500216                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          326                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       220425                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       220388                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           37                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq           182087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp         1419062                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq            1970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp           1970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       822695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       389783                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        233476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         23352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        37821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq         217090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp        217090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       390295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       846680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        23004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        23004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      1170373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      3318545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       130398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       229268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             4848584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     49924992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    120750546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       521592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       917072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total            172114202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                       1142380                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 5310336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        2796871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.084818                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.278658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0              2559683     91.52%     91.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               237151      8.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                   37      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          2796871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests      7586763                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3803900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          959                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       294668                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       294650                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq           997653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp         4309348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq            5260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp           5260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1221546                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1973362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict        520402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         41302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        27252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        68554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq         317101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp        317101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1973874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1337821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        13120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        13120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       141012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       141012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      5921110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      5521572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      1186126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       795292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total            13424100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    252623104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    184134165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      4744504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      3181168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total            444682941                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                       1427591                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                11732864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples        6198937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.050915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.219836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0              5883339     94.91%     94.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               315580      5.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                   18      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total          6198937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3171404                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1597464                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          338                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       249785                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       249755                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           30                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq           183267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp         1507977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq            2864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp           2864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       850039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       439162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict        247787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         29532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        16309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq         223064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp        223064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       439674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       885036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        25917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      1318510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      3468926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       154074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       207316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total             5148826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     56245504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    125341741                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       616296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       829264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total            183032805                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                       1173405                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                 4929216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples        2920129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.090674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.287181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0              2655378     90.93%     90.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               264721      9.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                   30      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total          2920129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4895657                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2465721                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       273586                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       273572                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq           506192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         2627454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            2303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           2303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       980960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean       976604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict        434037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         30246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        51612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         264760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        264760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       977116                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1144146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        42963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        42963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      2930836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      4434967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       534056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       471846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total             8371705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    125038080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    152973494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      2136224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1887384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            282035182                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       1374938                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 6695360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        4304633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.068866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.253238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              4008206     93.11%     93.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               296413      6.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                   14      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          4304633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3132213                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1580055                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          322                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       234668                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       234606                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           62                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq           232886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp         1527007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq            1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp           1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       839312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean       417015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict        259807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         28067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq         232464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp        232464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       417527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       876594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        25510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      1252069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      3460533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       201272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       259770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total             5173644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     53410688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side    124710516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       805088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side      1039080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total            179965372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                       1086148                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                 5208512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        2864724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.089574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.285647                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0              2608180     91.04%     91.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               256482      8.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                   62      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          2864724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3429172                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1730290                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          331                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       242045                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       241981                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           64                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq           240894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp         1692681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq            2773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp           2773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       902660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       448878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict        305048                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         31621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        50452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq         218169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp        218169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       449390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1002397                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        28763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        28763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      1347658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      3817514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       167004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       310470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total             5642646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     57489152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side    135906180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       668016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side      1241880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total            195305228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                       1204442                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                 4956096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples        3136336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.084705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.278515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0              2870737     91.53%     91.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               265535      8.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                   64      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total          3136336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3017020                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1516064                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       246589                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       246524                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           65                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq           225055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp         1491035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq            1909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp           1909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       796602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       422716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict        239884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         28517                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq         210374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp        210374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       423228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       842752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        22812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        22812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      1269172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      3285822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       192912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       252356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total             5000262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     54140416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side    118399651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       771648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side      1009424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total            174321139                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                       1121749                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                 4468096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        2830544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.092288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.289511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0              2569384     90.77%     90.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               261095      9.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                   65      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          2830544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3426868                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1733071                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          341                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       207961                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       207888                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           73                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq           256212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp         1692307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq            2124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp           2124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       906520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean       518428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict        238402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         26615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        16001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq         222531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp        222531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       518941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       917154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        35046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        35046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      1556310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      3589026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       246542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       260976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total             5652854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     66391616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    130974512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       986168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side      1043904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total            199396200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                       1071831                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                 4643392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples        3017396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.078040                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.268324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0              2781992     92.20%     92.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               235331      7.80%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                   73      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total          3017396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3251006                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1645567                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          325                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       235662                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       235593                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           69                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq           206052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp         1580664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq            1760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp           1760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       828775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       487216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict        259748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         29153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        16011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq         202588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp        202588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       487728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       886884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        28118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        28118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      1462672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      3423323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       167742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       238846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             5292583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     62396416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side    122784142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       670968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       955384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total            186806910                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                       1059756                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                 4845376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        2872734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.090754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.287343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              2612090     90.93%     90.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               260575      9.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                   69      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          2872734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12687672                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6360814                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4836                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       198831                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       198780                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           51                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq          7500195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp        12994378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq            4924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp           4924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1539890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       899410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict       3857057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         22681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        33868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq         651226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp        651226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       899922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4594261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       178730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       178730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      2699254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     16336817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       284974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side     14707068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total            34028113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side    115157248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side    434286444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side      1139896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side     58828272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total            609411860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                       4061277                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                43403392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples       17882869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.013100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.113730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0             17648646     98.69%     98.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1               234172      1.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                   51      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total         17882869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3258560                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1614909                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          307                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       249786                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       249704                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           82                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq           256136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp         1622542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq            2525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp           2525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       798766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean       502006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict        258405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         29327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq         209371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp        209371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       502518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       863888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        22646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        22646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      1507042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      3434667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       214242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       292044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total             5447995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     64289536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side    119827835                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       856968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side      1168176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total            186142515                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                       1116026                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                 4469440                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples        3002775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.087855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.283181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0              2739047     91.22%     91.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               263646      8.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                   82      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total          3002775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2615362                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1310295                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       234444                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       234369                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           75                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq           194217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp         1276607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq            2330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp           2330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       759070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       319824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict        181541                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         29132                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        13185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq         203573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp        203573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       320336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       762054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        15074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        15074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       960496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      3003815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       139960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       244030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total             4348301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     40970240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side    110398349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       559840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       976120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total            152904549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                       1030161                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 4203456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples        2515397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.096352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.295175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0              2273108     90.37%     90.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               242214      9.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                   75      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total          2515397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6648118                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3332778                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          290                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       268871                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       268827                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           44                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq           902106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp         3896746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq            2566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp           2566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1035477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1767462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict        467584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         36219                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        23485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        59704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq         272337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp        272337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1767974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1226666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        48323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        48323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      5303410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      4732017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      1084432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       710144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total            11830003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    226267904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    162236254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      4337728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      2840576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total            395682462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                       1119095                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                 3375104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples        5325851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.051021                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.220079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0              5054163     94.90%     94.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               271644      5.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                   44      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total          5325851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     34678306                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17345100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          322                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       467372                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       467337                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           35                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq          4594678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        20933491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            6109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           6109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2578990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean     12776596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1885909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         61945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        38596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       100541                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq         798987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp        798987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     12777108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3561705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       196533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       196533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     38330812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     13801339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      7706854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      1473812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total            61312817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   1635437056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    444181464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     30827416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      5895248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           2116341184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       1858310                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                13952576                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       23741699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.019782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.139262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             23272068     98.02%     98.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               469596      1.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                   35      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         23741699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4374162                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2193873                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          317                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       262734                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       262686                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           48                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12190823322667500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq           484109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp         2398968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq            2646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp           2646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       838179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean       997592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict        299768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         32173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        51359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq         238180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp        238180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       998104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       916755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        27195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        27195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      2993800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      3617765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       553958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       406968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total             7572491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    127724544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    127583693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      2215832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      1627872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total            259151941                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                       1158895                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                 4827840                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples        3808724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.070890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.256690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0              3538771     92.91%     92.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               269905      7.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                   48      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total          3808724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
